Rudolph Agnew , 55 years old and former chairman of Consolidated Gold Fields PLC , was named a nonexecutive director of this British industrial conglomerate .
Neither Lorillard nor the researchers who studied the workers were aware of any research on smokers of the Kent cigarettes .
Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the National Cancer Institute and the medical schools of Harvard University and Boston University .
The Lorillard spokeswoman saidasbestos was used in  very modest amounts '' in making paper for the filters in the early 1950s and replaced with a different type of filter in 1956 .
The total of 18 deaths from malignant mesothelioma , lung cancer and asbestosis was far higher than expected , the researchers said.
The plant , which is owned by Hollingsworth & Vose Co. , was under contract with Lorillard to make the cigarette filters .
The finding probably will support those who argue that the U.S. should regulate the class of asbestos including crocidolite more stringently than the common kind of asbestos , chrysotile , found in most schools and other buildings , Dr. Talcott said.
More common chrysotile fibers are curly and are more easily rejected by the body , Dr. Mossman explained.
Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin , poured in cotton and acetate fibers and mechanically mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters .
 There 's no question that some of those workers and managers contracted asbestos-related diseases , '' said Darrell Phillips , vice president of human resources for Hollingsworth & Vose .
Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends and that the current yield continues for a year .
Typically , money-fund yields beat comparable short-term investments because portfolio managers can vary maturities and go after the highest rates .
It invests heavily in dollar-denominated securities overseas and is currently waiving management fees , which boosts its yield .
J.P. Bolduc , vice chairman of W.R. Grace & Co. , which holds a 83.4 % interest in this energy-services company , was elected a director .
Pacific First Financial Corp. saidshareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , or $ 212 million .
The thrift holding company saidit expects to obtain regulatory approval and complete the transaction by year-end .
McDermott International Inc. saidits Babcock & Wilcox unit completed the sale of its Bailey Controls Operations to Finmeccanica S.p . A. for $ 295 million .
It employs 2,700 people and has annual revenue of about $ 370 million .
The House has voted to raise the ceiling to $ 3.1 trillion , but the Senate is n't expected to act until next week at the earliest .
Clark J. Vitulli was named senior vice president and general manager of this U.S. sales and marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp .
In the new position he will oversee Mazda 's U.S. sales , service , parts and marketing operations .
He had been a sales and marketing executive with Chrysler for 20 years .
When it 's time for their biannual powwow , the nation 's manufacturing titans typically jet off to the sunny confines of resort towns like Boca Raton and Hot Springs .
And the city decided to treat its guests more like royalty or rock stars than factory owners .
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Du Pont and Maytag , along with lesser knowns like Trojan Steel and the Valley Queen Cheese Factory .
For starters , the executives joined Mayor William H. Hudnut III for an evening of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra and a guest pianist-comedian Victor Borge .
Champagne and dessert followed .
The next morning , with a police escort , busloads of executives and their wives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , unimpeded by traffic or red lights .
A buffet breakfast was held in the museum , where food and drinks are banned to everyday visitors .
Then , in the guests ' honor , the speedway hauled out four drivers , crews and even the official Indianapolis 500 announcer for a 10-lap exhibition race .
After the race , Fortune 500 executives drooled like schoolboys over the cars and drivers .
No dummies , the drivers pointed outthey still had space on their machines for another sponsor 's name or two .
This time , it was for dinner and dancing -- a block away .
Under the stars and moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana duckling mousseline , lobster consomme , veal mignon and chocolate terrine with a raspberry sauce .
Preliminary tallies by the Trade and Industry Ministry showed another trade deficit in October , the fifth monthly setback this year , casting a cloud on South Korea 's export-oriented economy .
South Korea 's economic boom , which began in 1986 , stopped this year because of prolonged labor disputes , trade conflicts and sluggish exports .
Newsweek , trying to keep pace with rival Time magazine , announced new advertising rates for 1990 and saidit will introduce a new incentive plan for advertisers .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining or increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies and underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News & World Report .
The magazine will reward with  page bonuses '' advertisers who in 1990 meet or exceed their 1989 spending , as long as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989 and $ 340,000 in 1990 .
 What matters is what advertisers are paying per page , and in that department we are doing fine this fall , '' said Mr. Spoon .
Both Newsweek and U.S. News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers , such as telephones or watches .
New England Electric System bowed out of the bidding for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , saying that the risks were too high and the potential payoff too far in the future to justify a higher offer .
The move leaves United Illuminating Co. and Northeast Utilities as the remaining outside bidders for PS of New Hampshire , which also has proposed an internal reorganization plan in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings under which it would remain an independent company .
New England Electric , based in Westborough , Mass. , had offered $ 2 billion to acquire PS of New Hampshire , well below the $ 2.29 billion valueUnited Illuminating places on its bid and the $ 2.25 billionNortheast saysits bid is worth .
United Illuminating is based in New Haven , Conn. , and Northeast is based in Hartford , Conn .
John Rowe , president and chief executive officer of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid and its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire -- such as growth in electricity demand and improved operating efficiencies -- did n't come true .
 When we evaluated raising our bid , the risks seemed substantial and persistent over the next five years , and the rewards seemed a long way out .
Northeast saidit would refile its request and still hopes for an expedited review by the FERC so that it could complete the purchase by next summer if its bid is the one approved by the bankruptcy court .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old and former president and chief operating officer of Toys  R '' Us Inc. , and Frederick Deane Jr. , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp. , were elected directors of this consumer electronics and appliances retailing chain .
They succeed Daniel M. Rexinger , retired Circuit City executive vice president , and Robert R. Glauber , U.S. Treasury undersecretary , on the 12-member board .
Commonwealth Edison Co. was ordered to refund about $ 250 million to its current and former ratepayers for illegal rates collected for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant .
The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by the Illinois Commerce Commission and trade groups saidit may be the largest ever required of a state or local utility .
Judge Curry ordered the refunds to begin Feb. 1 and said that he would n't entertain any appeals or other attempts to block his order by Commonwealth Edison .
Commonwealth Edison saidit is already appealing the underlying commission order and is considering appealing Judge Curry 's order .
For 1988 , Commonwealth Edison reported earnings of $ 737.5 million , or $ 3.01 a share .
But state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase and found the rates illegal .
The Illinois Supreme Court ordered the commission to audit Commonwealth Edison 's construction expenses and refund any unreasonable expenses .
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million and $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable and should be refunded , plus interest .
Japan 's domestic sales of cars , trucks and buses in October rose 18 % from a year earlier to 500,004 units , a record for the month , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said.
The strong growth followed year-to-year increases of 21 % in August and 12 % in September .