Rudolph Agnew , 55 years old and former chairman of Consolidated Gold Fields PLC , was named a nonexecutive director of this British industrial conglomerate .
2
Rudolph Agnew , 55 years old , was named a nonexecutive director of this British industrial conglomerate .
Rudolph Agnew , former chairman of Consolidated Gold Fields PLC , was named a nonexecutive director of this British industrial conglomerate .



Neither Lorillard nor the researchers who studied the workers were aware of any research on smokers of the Kent cigarettes .
2
 Neither Lorillard were aware of any research on smokers of the Kent cigarettes .
 the researchers who studied the workers were aware of any research on smokers of the Kent cigarettes .



Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the National Cancer Institute and the medical schools of Harvard University and Boston University .
4
Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the National Cancer Institute  Harvard University .
Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the National Cancer Institute  Boston University .
Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the medical schools of Harvard University  Harvard University .
Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the medical schools of Harvard University  Boston University .



The Lorillard spokeswoman saidasbestos was used in  very modest amounts '' in making paper for the filters in the early 1950s and replaced with a different type of filter in 1956 .
2
 The Lorillard spokeswoman saidasbestos was used in very modest amounts '' in making paper for the filters in the early 1950 s . .
 replaced with a different type of filter in 1956 .



The total of 18 deaths from malignant mesothelioma , lung cancer and asbestosis was far higher than expected , the researchers said.
3
The total of 18 deaths from lung cancer was far higher than expected , the researchers said .
The total of 18 deaths from malignant mesothelioma , was far higher than expected , the researchers said .
The total of 18 deaths from asbestosis was far higher than expected , the researchers said .



The plant , which is owned by Hollingsworth & Vose Co. , was under contract with Lorillard to make the cigarette filters .
2
The plant , which is owned by Hollingsworth , was under contract with Lorillard to make the cigarette filters .
The plant , which is owned by Vose Co. , was under contract with Lorillard to make the cigarette filters .



The finding probably will support those who argue that the U.S. should regulate the class of asbestos including crocidolite more stringently than the common kind of asbestos , chrysotile , found in most schools and other buildings , Dr. Talcott said.
2
The finding probably will support those who argue that the U.S. should regulate the class of asbestos including crocidolite more stringently than the common kind of asbestos , chrysotile , found in most schools , Dr. Talcott said .
The finding probably will support those who argue that the U.S. should regulate the class of asbestos including crocidolite more stringently than the common kind of asbestos , chrysotile , found in other buildings , Dr. Talcott said .



More common chrysotile fibers are curly and are more easily rejected by the body , Dr. Mossman explained.
2
 More common chrysotile fibers are curly , Dr. Mossman explained .
 are more easily rejected by the body , Dr. Mossman explained .



Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin , poured in cotton and acetate fibers and mechanically mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters .
4
Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin , poured in cotton  Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin , poured in cotton fibers . .
Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin , poured in cotton  mechanically mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters .
Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin , poured in acetate  Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin , poured in cotton fibers . .
Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin , poured in acetate  mechanically mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters .



 There 's no question that some of those workers and managers contracted asbestos-related diseases , '' said Darrell Phillips , vice president of human resources for Hollingsworth & Vose .
4
There 's no question that some of those workers contracted asbestos - related diseases , '' said Darrell Phillips , vice president of human resources for Hollingsworth .
There 's no question that some of those workers contracted asbestos - related diseases , '' said Darrell Phillips , vice president of human resources for Vose .
There 's no question that some of managers contracted asbestos - related diseases , '' said Darrell Phillips , vice president of human resources for Hollingsworth .
There 's no question that some of managers contracted asbestos - related diseases , '' said Darrell Phillips , vice president of human resources for Vose .



Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends and that the current yield continues for a year .
2
 Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends . .
 that the current yield continues for a year .



Typically , money-fund yields beat comparable short-term investments because portfolio managers can vary maturities and go after the highest rates .
2
Typically , money - fund yields beat comparable short - term investments because portfolio managers can vary maturities .
Typically , money - fund yields beat comparable short - term investments go after the highest rates .



It invests heavily in dollar-denominated securities overseas and is currently waiving management fees , which boosts its yield .
2
 It invests heavily in dollar - denominated securities overseas . .
 is currently waiving management fees , which boosts its yield .



J.P. Bolduc , vice chairman of W.R. Grace & Co. , which holds a 83.4 % interest in this energy-services company , was elected a director .
2
J.P. Bolduc , vice chairman of W.R. Grace , which holds a 83.4 % interest in this energy - services company , was elected a director .
J.P. Bolduc , vice chairman of Co. , which holds a 83.4 % interest in this energy - services company , was elected a director .



Pacific First Financial Corp. saidshareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , or $ 212 million .
2
Pacific First Financial Corp . saidshareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , .
Pacific First Financial Corp . saidshareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 212 million .



The thrift holding company saidit expects to obtain regulatory approval and complete the transaction by year-end .
2
The thrift holding company saidit expects to obtain regulatory approval .
The thrift holding company saidit expects complete the transaction by year - end .



McDermott International Inc. saidits Babcock & Wilcox unit completed the sale of its Bailey Controls Operations to Finmeccanica S.p . A. for $ 295 million .
2
McDermott International Inc . saidits Babcock unit completed the sale of its Bailey Controls Operations to Finmeccanica S.p . A. for $ 295 million .
McDermott International Inc . Wilcox unit completed the sale of its Bailey Controls Operations to Finmeccanica S.p . A. for $ 295 million .



It employs 2,700 people and has annual revenue of about $ 370 million .
2
 It employs 2,700 people . .
 has annual revenue of about $ 370 million .



The House has voted to raise the ceiling to $ 3.1 trillion , but the Senate is n't expected to act until next week at the earliest .
2
 The House has voted to raise the ceiling to $ 3.1 trillion , 
 the Senate is n't expected to act until next week at the earliest . 



Clark J. Vitulli was named senior vice president and general manager of this U.S. sales and marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp .
4
Clark J. Vitulli was named senior vice president of this U.S. sales arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp of this U.S. sales arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp .
Clark J. Vitulli was named senior vice president of this U.S. sales arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp of this marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp .
Clark J. Vitulli was named general manager of this U.S. sales arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp .
Clark J. Vitulli was named general manager of this marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp .



In the new position he will oversee Mazda 's U.S. sales , service , parts and marketing operations .
4
In the new position he will oversee parts .
In the new position he will oversee service , .
In the new position he will oversee Mazda 's U.S. sales , .
In the new position he will oversee marketing operations .



He had been a sales and marketing executive with Chrysler for 20 years .
2
He had been a sales executive with Chrysler for 20 years .
He had been a marketing executive with Chrysler for 20 years .



When it 's time for their biannual powwow , the nation 's manufacturing titans typically jet off to the sunny confines of resort towns like Boca Raton and Hot Springs .
2
When it 's time for their biannual powwow , the nation 's manufacturing titans typically jet off to the sunny confines of resort towns like Boca Raton .
When it 's time for their biannual powwow , the nation 's manufacturing titans typically jet off to the sunny confines of resort towns like Hot Springs .



And the city decided to treat its guests more like royalty or rock stars than factory owners .
2
And the city decided to treat its guests more like royalty than factory owners .  royalty than factory owners .
And the city decided to treat its guests more like royalty than factory owners .  rock stars than factory owners .



On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Du Pont and Maytag , along with lesser knowns like Trojan Steel and the Valley Queen Cheese Factory .
4
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Du Pont , along with lesser knowns like Trojan Steel .
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Du Pont , along with lesser knowns like the Valley Queen Cheese Factory .
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Maytag , along with lesser knowns like Trojan Steel .
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Maytag , along with lesser knowns like the Valley Queen Cheese Factory .



For starters , the executives joined Mayor William H. Hudnut III for an evening of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra and a guest pianist-comedian Victor Borge .
2
For starters , the executives joined Mayor William H. Hudnut III for an evening of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra .
For starters , the executives joined Mayor William H. Hudnut III for an evening of a guest pianist - comedian Victor Borge .



Champagne and dessert followed .
2
 Champagne followed .
 dessert followed .



The next morning , with a police escort , busloads of executives and their wives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , unimpeded by traffic or red lights .
4
The next morning , with a police escort , busloads of executives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , unimpeded by traffic .
The next morning , with a police escort , busloads of executives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , unimpeded by red lights .
The next morning , with a police escort , busloads of their wives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , unimpeded by traffic .
The next morning , with a police escort , busloads of their wives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , unimpeded by red lights .



A buffet breakfast was held in the museum , where food and drinks are banned to everyday visitors .
2
A buffet breakfast was held in the museum , where food are banned to everyday visitors .
A buffet breakfast was held in the museum , where drinks are banned to everyday visitors .



Then , in the guests ' honor , the speedway hauled out four drivers , crews and even the official Indianapolis 500 announcer for a 10-lap exhibition race .
3
Then , in the guests ' honor , the speedway hauled out crews .
Then , in the guests ' honor , the speedway hauled out four drivers , .
Then , in the guests ' honor , the speedway hauled out even the official Indianapolis 500 announcer for a 10 - lap exhibition race .



After the race , Fortune 500 executives drooled like schoolboys over the cars and drivers .
2
After the race , Fortune 500 executives drooled like schoolboys over the cars .
After the race , Fortune 500 executives drooled like schoolboys over drivers .



No dummies , the drivers pointed outthey still had space on their machines for another sponsor 's name or two .
1
No dummies , the drivers pointed outthey still had space on their machines for another sponsor 's name or two .



This time , it was for dinner and dancing -- a block away .
2
This time , it was for dinner -- a block away .
This time , it was for dancing -- a block away .



Under the stars and moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana duckling mousseline , lobster consomme , veal mignon and chocolate terrine with a raspberry sauce .
8
Under the stars of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them veal mignon .
Under the stars of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them lobster consomme , .
Under the stars of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana duckling mousseline , .
Under the stars of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them chocolate terrine with a raspberry sauce .
Under moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them veal mignon .
Under moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them lobster consomme , .
Under moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana duckling mousseline , .
Under moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them chocolate terrine with a raspberry sauce .



Preliminary tallies by the Trade and Industry Ministry showed another trade deficit in October , the fifth monthly setback this year , casting a cloud on South Korea 's export-oriented economy .
2
Preliminary tallies by the Trade Ministry showed another trade deficit in October , the fifth monthly setback this year , casting a cloud on South Korea 's export - oriented economy .
Preliminary tallies by the Industry Ministry showed another trade deficit in October , the fifth monthly setback this year , casting a cloud on South Korea 's export - oriented economy .



South Korea 's economic boom , which began in 1986 , stopped this year because of prolonged labor disputes , trade conflicts and sluggish exports .
3
South Korea 's economic boom , which began in 1986 , stopped this year because of trade conflicts .
South Korea 's economic boom , which began in 1986 , stopped this year because of prolonged labor disputes , .
South Korea 's economic boom , which began in 1986 , stopped this year because of sluggish exports .



Newsweek , trying to keep pace with rival Time magazine , announced new advertising rates for 1990 and saidit will introduce a new incentive plan for advertisers .
2
 Newsweek , trying to keep pace with rival Time magazine , announced new advertising rates for 1990 
 saidit will introduce a new incentive plan for advertisers . 



Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining or increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies and underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News & World Report .
16
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's World Report .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's World Report .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine ,  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine ,  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's World Report .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine ,  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine ,  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's World Report .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for increasing ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for increasing ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's World Report .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for increasing ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for increasing ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's World Report .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for increasing ad spending  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine ,  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for increasing ad spending  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine ,  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies U.S. News and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's World Report .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for increasing ad spending  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine ,  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for increasing ad spending  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine ,  underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's World Report .



The magazine will reward with  page bonuses '' advertisers who in 1990 meet or exceed their 1989 spending , as long as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989 and $ 340,000 in 1990 .
4
The magazine will reward with page bonuses '' advertisers who in 1990 meet  as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989 .
The magazine will reward with page bonuses '' advertisers who in 1990 meet  $ 340,000 in 1990 .
The magazine will reward with page bonuses '' advertisers exceed their 1989 spending , as long as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989  as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989 .
The magazine will reward with page bonuses '' advertisers exceed their 1989 spending , as long as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989  $ 340,000 in 1990 .



 What matters is what advertisers are paying per page , and in that department we are doing fine this fall , '' said Mr. Spoon .
2
What matters is what advertisers are paying per page , , '' said Mr. Spoon .
What matters is in that department we are doing fine this fall , '' said Mr. Spoon .



Both Newsweek and U.S. News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers , such as telephones or watches .
4
 Both Newsweek have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers , such as telephones .
 Both Newsweek have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers , such as watches .
 U.S. News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers , such as telephones .
 U.S. News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers , such as watches .



New England Electric System bowed out of the bidding for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , saying that the risks were too high and the potential payoff too far in the future to justify a higher offer .
2
New England Electric System bowed out of the bidding for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , saying that the risks were too high too far in the future to justify a higher offer .
New England Electric System bowed out of the bidding for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , saying that the risks were the potential payoff too far in the future to justify a higher offer .



The move leaves United Illuminating Co. and Northeast Utilities as the remaining outside bidders for PS of New Hampshire , which also has proposed an internal reorganization plan in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings under which it would remain an independent company .
2
The move leaves United Illuminating Co. .
The move leaves Northeast Utilities as the remaining outside bidders for PS of New Hampshire , which also has proposed an internal reorganization plan in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings under which it would remain an independent company .



New England Electric , based in Westborough , Mass. , had offered $ 2 billion to acquire PS of New Hampshire , well below the $ 2.29 billion valueUnited Illuminating places on its bid and the $ 2.25 billionNortheast saysits bid is worth .
1
New England Electric , based in Westborough , Mass . , had offered $ 2 billion to acquire PS of New Hampshire , well below the $ 2.29 billion valueUnited Illuminating places on its bid and the $ 2.25 billionNortheast saysits bid is worth .



United Illuminating is based in New Haven , Conn. , and Northeast is based in Hartford , Conn .
2
 United Illuminating is based in New Haven , Conn . , 
 Northeast is based in Hartford , Conn . 



John Rowe , president and chief executive officer of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid and its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire -- such as growth in electricity demand and improved operating efficiencies -- did n't come true .
8
John Rowe , president of New England Electric , of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid  electricity demand -- did n't come true .
John Rowe , president of New England Electric , of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid  improved operating efficiencies -- did n't come true .
John Rowe , president of New England Electric , of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire -- such as growth in electricity demand  electricity demand -- did n't come true .
John Rowe , president of New England Electric , of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire -- such as growth in electricity demand  improved operating efficiencies -- did n't come true .
John Rowe , chief executive officer of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid  electricity demand -- did n't come true .
John Rowe , chief executive officer of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid  improved operating efficiencies -- did n't come true .
John Rowe , chief executive officer of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire -- such as growth in electricity demand  electricity demand -- did n't come true .
John Rowe , chief executive officer of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire -- such as growth in electricity demand  improved operating efficiencies -- did n't come true .



 When we evaluated raising our bid , the risks seemed substantial and persistent over the next five years , and the rewards seemed a long way out .
4
When we evaluated raising our bid , the risks seemed substantial  When we evaluated raising our bid , the risks seemed substantial , 
When we evaluated raising our bid , the risks seemed substantial  the rewards seemed a long way out . 
When we evaluated raising our bid , the risks seemed persistent over the next five years  When we evaluated raising our bid , the risks seemed substantial , 
When we evaluated raising our bid , the risks seemed persistent over the next five years  the rewards seemed a long way out . 



Northeast saidit would refile its request and still hopes for an expedited review by the FERC so that it could complete the purchase by next summer if its bid is the one approved by the bankruptcy court .
2
Northeast saidit would refile its request .
Northeast saidit still hopes for an expedited review by the FERC so that it could complete the purchase by next summer if its bid is the one approved by the bankruptcy court .



Norman Ricken , 52 years old and former president and chief operating officer of Toys  R '' Us Inc. , and Frederick Deane Jr. , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp. , were elected directors of this consumer electronics and appliances retailing chain .
36
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  52 years old  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  52 years old  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  52 years old  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  52 years old  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  chief operating officer  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  chief operating officer  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  52 years old  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  52 years old  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  52 years old  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  52 years old  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  chief operating officer  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  chief operating officer  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  former president of Toys R '' Us Inc  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  52 years old  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  52 years old  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  52 years old  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  52 years old  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  chief operating officer  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  chief operating officer  Norman Ricken , 52 years old . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this consumer electronics retailing chain .
Norman Ricken , chief operating officer  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr . , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp . , were elected directors of this appliances retailing chain .



They succeed Daniel M. Rexinger , retired Circuit City executive vice president , and Robert R. Glauber , U.S. Treasury undersecretary , on the 12-member board .
2
They succeed Daniel M. Rexinger , retired Circuit City executive vice president , , on the 12 - member board .
They succeed Robert R. Glauber , U.S. Treasury undersecretary , on the 12 - member board .



Commonwealth Edison Co. was ordered to refund about $ 250 million to its current and former ratepayers for illegal rates collected for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant .
2
Commonwealth Edison Co. was ordered to refund about $ 250 million to its current ratepayers for illegal rates collected for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant .
Commonwealth Edison Co. was ordered to refund about $ 250 million to its former ratepayers for illegal rates collected for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant .



The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by the Illinois Commerce Commission and trade groups saidit may be the largest ever required of a state or local utility .
4
The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by the Illinois Commerce Commission saidit may be the largest ever required of a state utility .
The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by the Illinois Commerce Commission saidit may be the largest ever required of a local utility .
The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by trade groups saidit may be the largest ever required of a state utility .
The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by trade groups saidit may be the largest ever required of a local utility .



Judge Curry ordered the refunds to begin Feb. 1 and said that he would n't entertain any appeals or other attempts to block his order by Commonwealth Edison .
4
 Judge Curry ordered the refunds to begin Feb . 1 .  any appeals .
 Judge Curry ordered the refunds to begin Feb . 1 .  other attempts to block his order by Commonwealth Edison .
 said that he would n't entertain any appeals  any appeals .
 said that he would n't entertain any appeals  other attempts to block his order by Commonwealth Edison .



Commonwealth Edison saidit is already appealing the underlying commission order and is considering appealing Judge Curry 's order .
2
 Commonwealth Edison saidit is already appealing the underlying commission order . .
 is considering appealing Judge Curry 's order .



For 1988 , Commonwealth Edison reported earnings of $ 737.5 million , or $ 3.01 a share .
2
For 1988 , Commonwealth Edison reported earnings of $ 737.5 million , .
For 1988 , Commonwealth Edison reported earnings of $ 3.01 a share .



But state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase and found the rates illegal .
4
But state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase .  state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase . .
But state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase .  found the rates illegal .
But found the rates illegal  state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase . .
But found the rates illegal  found the rates illegal .



The Illinois Supreme Court ordered the commission to audit Commonwealth Edison 's construction expenses and refund any unreasonable expenses .
2
The Illinois Supreme Court ordered the commission to audit Commonwealth Edison 's construction expenses .
The Illinois Supreme Court ordered the commission refund any unreasonable expenses .



In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million and $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable and should be refunded , plus interest .
9
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million  that $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable  between $ 190 million should be refunded , .
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million  that $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable  that $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable .
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million  that $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable  interest .
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million  between $ 190 million should be refunded ,  between $ 190 million should be refunded , .
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million  between $ 190 million should be refunded ,  that $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable .
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million  between $ 190 million should be refunded ,  interest .
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million  interest  between $ 190 million should be refunded , .
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million  interest  that $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable .
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million  interest  interest .



Japan 's domestic sales of cars , trucks and buses in October rose 18 % from a year earlier to 500,004 units , a record for the month , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said.
3
Japan 's domestic sales of trucks in October rose 18 % from a year earlier to 500,004 units , a record for the month , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said .
Japan 's domestic sales of cars , in October rose 18 % from a year earlier to 500,004 units , a record for the month , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said .
Japan 's domestic sales of buses in October rose 18 % from a year earlier to 500,004 units , a record for the month , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said .



The strong growth followed year-to-year increases of 21 % in August and 12 % in September .
2
The strong growth followed year - to - year increases of 21 % in August .
The strong growth followed 12 % in September .



The new plant , located in Chinchon about 60 miles from Seoul , will help meet increasing and diversifying demand for control products in South Korea , the company said.
2
The new plant , located in Chinchon about 60 miles from Seoul , will help meet increasing , the company said .
The new plant , located in Chinchon about 60 miles from Seoul , will help meet diversifying demand for control products in South Korea , the company said .



The plant will produce control devices used in motor vehicles and household appliances .
2
The plant will produce control devices used in motor vehicles .
The plant will produce control devices used in household appliances .



The survival of spinoff Cray Computer Corp. as a fledgling in the supercomputer business appears to depend heavily on the creativity -- and longevity -- of its chairman and chief designer , Seymour Cray .
4
The survival of spinoff Cray Computer Corp . as a fledgling in the supercomputer business appears to depend heavily on the creativity -- -- of its chairman , Seymour Cray -- of its chairman , Seymour Cray , Seymour Cray .
The survival of spinoff Cray Computer Corp . as a fledgling in the supercomputer business appears to depend heavily on the creativity -- -- of its chairman , Seymour Cray -- of chief designer , Seymour Cray .
The survival of spinoff Cray Computer Corp . as a fledgling in the supercomputer business appears to depend heavily on longevity -- of its chairman , Seymour Cray , Seymour Cray .
The survival of spinoff Cray Computer Corp . as a fledgling in the supercomputer business appears to depend heavily on longevity -- of chief designer , Seymour Cray .



Documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the pending spinoff disclosed that Cray Research Inc. will withdraw the almost $ 100 million in financingit is providing the new firm if Mr. Cray leaves or if the product-design projecthe heads is scrapped .
4
Documents filed with the Securities Commission on the pending spinoff disclosed that Cray Research Inc . will withdraw the almost $ 100 million in financingit is providing the new firm if Mr. Cray leaves .
Documents filed with the Securities Commission on the pending spinoff disclosed that Cray Research Inc . will withdraw the almost $ 100 million in financingit is providing the new firm if the product - design projecthe heads is scrapped .
Documents filed with the Exchange Commission on the pending spinoff disclosed that Cray Research Inc . will withdraw the almost $ 100 million in financingit is providing the new firm if Mr. Cray leaves .
Documents filed with the Exchange Commission on the pending spinoff disclosed that Cray Research Inc . will withdraw the almost $ 100 million in financingit is providing the new firm if the product - design projecthe heads is scrapped .



 The theory is that Seymour is the chief designer of the Cray-3 , and without him it could not be completed .
2
The theory is that Seymour is the chief designer of the Cray - 3 , 
The theory is without him it could not be completed . 



 You either believeSeymour can do it again or you do n't . ''
2
 You either can do it again . '' . ''
 you do n't . ''



The SEC documents describe those chips , which are made of gallium arsenide , as being so fragile and minutethey will require special robotic handling equipment .
2
The SEC documents describe those chips , which are made of gallium arsenide , as being so fragile 
The SEC documents describe those chips , which are made of gallium arsenide , as minutethey will require special robotic handling equipment . 



Cray Computer also will face intense competition , not only from Cray Research , which has about 60 % of the world-wide supercomputer market and which is expected to roll out the C-90 machine , a direct competitor with the Cray-3 , in 1991 .
2
Cray Computer also will face intense competition , not only from Cray Research , which has about 60 % of the world - wide supercomputer market .
Cray Computer also will face intense competition , not only from Cray Research , which is expected to roll out the C - 90 machine , a direct competitor with the Cray - 3 , in 1991 .



The spinoff also will compete with International Business Machines Corp. and Japan 's Big Three -- Hitachi Ltd. , NEC Corp. and Fujitsu Ltd .
25
The spinoff also will compete with International Business Machines Corp .  NEC Corp . .
The spinoff also will compete with International Business Machines Corp .  Hitachi Ltd. , .
The spinoff also will compete with International Business Machines Corp .  Japan 's Big Three -- .
The spinoff also will compete with International Business Machines Corp .  International Business Machines Corp . .
The spinoff also will compete with International Business Machines Corp .  Fujitsu Ltd .
The spinoff also will compete with Japan 's Big Three --  NEC Corp . .
The spinoff also will compete with Japan 's Big Three --  Hitachi Ltd. , .
The spinoff also will compete with Japan 's Big Three --  Japan 's Big Three -- .
The spinoff also will compete with Japan 's Big Three --  International Business Machines Corp . .
The spinoff also will compete with Japan 's Big Three --  Fujitsu Ltd .
The spinoff also will compete with Hitachi Ltd. ,  NEC Corp . .
The spinoff also will compete with Hitachi Ltd. ,  Hitachi Ltd. , .
The spinoff also will compete with Hitachi Ltd. ,  Japan 's Big Three -- .
The spinoff also will compete with Hitachi Ltd. ,  International Business Machines Corp . .
The spinoff also will compete with Hitachi Ltd. ,  Fujitsu Ltd .
The spinoff also will compete with NEC Corp .  NEC Corp . .
The spinoff also will compete with NEC Corp .  Hitachi Ltd. , .
The spinoff also will compete with NEC Corp .  Japan 's Big Three -- .
The spinoff also will compete with NEC Corp .  International Business Machines Corp . .
The spinoff also will compete with NEC Corp .  Fujitsu Ltd .
The spinoff also will compete with Fujitsu Ltd  NEC Corp . .
The spinoff also will compete with Fujitsu Ltd  Hitachi Ltd. , .
The spinoff also will compete with Fujitsu Ltd  Japan 's Big Three -- .
The spinoff also will compete with Fujitsu Ltd  International Business Machines Corp . .
The spinoff also will compete with Fujitsu Ltd  Fujitsu Ltd .



The new company saidit believesthere are fewer than 100 potential customers for supercomputers priced between $ 15 million and $ 30 million -- presumably the Cray-3 price range .
2
The new company saidit believesthere are fewer than 100 potential customers for supercomputers priced between $ 15 million .
The new company saidit believesthere are fewer than 100 potential customers for supercomputers priced between $ 30 million -- presumably the Cray - 3 price range .



Without the Cray-3 research and development expenses , the company would have been able to report a profit of $ 19.3 million for the first half of 1989 rather than the $ 5.9 millionit posted .
2
Without the Cray - 3 research expenses , the company would have been able to report a profit of $ 19.3 million for the first half of 1989 rather than the $ 5.9 millionit posted .
Without development expenses , the company would have been able to report a profit of $ 19.3 million for the first half of 1989 rather than the $ 5.9 millionit posted .



Besides Messrs. Cray and Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president and chief executive officer ; Joseph M. Blanchard , 37 , vice president , engineering ; Malcolm A. Hammerton , 40 , vice president , software ; and Douglas R. Wheeland , 45 , vice president , hardware .
16
Besides Messrs . Cray , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president  Malcolm A. Hammerton , 40 , vice president , ; .
Besides Messrs . Cray , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president  Joseph M. Blanchard , 37 , vice president , engineering ; .
Besides Messrs . Cray , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president  Neil Davenport , 47 , president ; .
Besides Messrs . Cray , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president  Douglas R. Wheeland , 45 , vice president , hardware .
Besides Messrs . Cray , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , chief executive officer  Malcolm A. Hammerton , 40 , vice president , ; .
Besides Messrs . Cray , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , chief executive officer  Joseph M. Blanchard , 37 , vice president , engineering ; .
Besides Messrs . Cray , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , chief executive officer  Neil Davenport , 47 , president ; .
Besides Messrs . Cray , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , chief executive officer  Douglas R. Wheeland , 45 , vice president , hardware .
Besides Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president  Malcolm A. Hammerton , 40 , vice president , ; .
Besides Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president  Joseph M. Blanchard , 37 , vice president , engineering ; .
Besides Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president  Neil Davenport , 47 , president ; .
Besides Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president  Douglas R. Wheeland , 45 , vice president , hardware .
Besides Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , chief executive officer  Malcolm A. Hammerton , 40 , vice president , ; .
Besides Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , chief executive officer  Joseph M. Blanchard , 37 , vice president , engineering ; .
Besides Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , chief executive officer  Neil Davenport , 47 , president ; .
Besides Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , chief executive officer  Douglas R. Wheeland , 45 , vice president , hardware .



John R. Stevens , 49 years old , was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer , both new positions .
2
John R. Stevens , 49 years old , was named senior executive vice president , both new positions , both new positions .
John R. Stevens , 49 years old , was named chief operating officer , both new positions .



He will continue to report to Donald Pardus , president and chief executive officer .
2
He will continue to report to Donald Pardus , president .
He will continue to report to Donald Pardus , chief executive officer .



The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed South Korea , Taiwan and Saudi Arabia from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor U.S. patents , copyrights and other intellectual-property rights .
9
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed Taiwan from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor copyrights .
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed Taiwan from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor U.S. patents , .
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed Taiwan from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor other intellectual - property rights .
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed South Korea , from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor copyrights .
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed South Korea , from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor U.S. patents , .
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed South Korea , from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor other intellectual - property rights .
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed Saudi Arabia from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor copyrights .
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed Saudi Arabia from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor U.S. patents , .
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed Saudi Arabia from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor other intellectual - property rights .



However , five other countries -- China , Thailand , India , Brazil and Mexico -- will remain on that so-called priority watch list as a result of an interim review , U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills announced.
5
However , five other countries -- Brazil -- will remain on that so - called priority watch list as a result of an interim review , U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills announced .
However , five other countries -- India , -- will remain on that so - called priority watch list as a result of an interim review , U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills announced .
However , five other countries -- Thailand , -- will remain on that so - called priority watch list as a result of an interim review , U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills announced .
However , five other countries -- China , -- will remain on that so - called priority watch list as a result of an interim review , U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills announced .
However , five other countries -- Mexico -- will remain on that so - called priority watch list as a result of an interim review , U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills announced .



Under the new U.S. trade law , those countries could face accelerated unfair-trade investigations and stiff trade sanctions if they do n't improve their protection of intellectual property by next spring .
2
Under the new U.S. trade law , those countries could face accelerated unfair - trade investigations if they do n't improve their protection of intellectual property by next spring .
Under the new U.S. trade law , those countries could face stiff trade sanctions if they do n't improve their protection of intellectual property by next spring .



She saidthere is  growing realization '' around the world that denial of intellectual-property rights harms all trading nations , and particularly the  creativity and inventiveness of an -LCB- offending -RCB- country 's own citizens . ''
9
She saidthere is growing realization '' around the world that denial of intellectual - property rights harms all trading nations ,  particularly the creativity of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens . ''
She saidthere is growing realization '' around the world that denial of intellectual - property rights harms all trading nations ,  that denial of intellectual - property rights harms all trading nations , of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens . ''
She saidthere is growing realization '' around the world that denial of intellectual - property rights harms all trading nations ,  inventiveness of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens . ''
She saidthere is growing realization '' around the world particularly the creativity of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens  particularly the creativity of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens . ''
She saidthere is growing realization '' around the world particularly the creativity of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens  that denial of intellectual - property rights harms all trading nations , of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens . ''
She saidthere is growing realization '' around the world particularly the creativity of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens  inventiveness of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens . ''
She saidthere is growing realization '' around the world inventiveness  particularly the creativity of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens . ''
She saidthere is growing realization '' around the world inventiveness  that denial of intellectual - property rights harms all trading nations , of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens . ''
She saidthere is growing realization '' around the world inventiveness  inventiveness of an - LCB - offending - RCB - country 's own citizens . ''



U.S. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual-property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging their own scientists and authors and by deterring U.S. high-technology firms from investing or marketing their best products there .
8
U.S. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual - property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging their own scientists  by discouraging their own scientists  investing .
U.S. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual - property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging their own scientists  by discouraging their own scientists  marketing their best products there .
U.S. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual - property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging their own scientists  by deterring U.S. high - technology firms from investing  investing .
U.S. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual - property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging their own scientists  by deterring U.S. high - technology firms from investing  marketing their best products there .
U.S. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual - property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging authors  by discouraging their own scientists  investing .
U.S. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual - property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging authors  by discouraging their own scientists  marketing their best products there .
U.S. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual - property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging authors  by deterring U.S. high - technology firms from investing  investing .
U.S. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual - property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging authors  by deterring U.S. high - technology firms from investing  marketing their best products there .



Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating an intellectual-property task force and special enforcement teams of police officers and prosecutors trained to pursue movie and book pirates .
8
Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating an intellectual - property task force  police officers trained to pursue movie pirates trained to pursue movie pirates .
Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating an intellectual - property task force  police officers trained to pursue movie pirates trained to pursue book pirates .
Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating an intellectual - property task force  prosecutors trained to pursue movie pirates .
Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating an intellectual - property task force  prosecutors trained to pursue book pirates .
Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating special enforcement teams of police officers trained to pursue movie pirates  police officers trained to pursue movie pirates trained to pursue movie pirates .
Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating special enforcement teams of police officers trained to pursue movie pirates  police officers trained to pursue movie pirates trained to pursue book pirates .
Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating special enforcement teams of police officers trained to pursue movie pirates  prosecutors trained to pursue movie pirates .
Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating special enforcement teams of police officers trained to pursue movie pirates  prosecutors trained to pursue book pirates .



Taiwan has improved its standing with the U.S. by initialing a bilateral copyright agreement , amending its trademark law and introducing legislationto protect foreign movie producers from unauthorized showings of their films .
2
Taiwan has improved its standing with the U.S. by initialing a bilateral copyright agreement , amending its trademark law .
Taiwan has improved its standing with the U.S. by initialing a bilateral copyright agreement , introducing legislationto protect foreign movie producers from unauthorized showings of their films .



Saudi Arabia , for its part , has vowed to enact a copyright law compatible with international standards and to apply the law to computer software as well as to literary works , Mrs. Hills said.
2
Saudi Arabia , for its part , has vowed to enact a copyright law compatible with international standards  software as well as to literary works , Mrs. Hills said .
Saudi Arabia , for its part , has vowed to apply the law to computer software to literary works  software as well as to literary works , Mrs. Hills said .



Those countries -- including Japan , Italy , Canada , Greece and Spain -- are still of some concern to the U.S. but are deemed to pose less-serious problems for American patent and copyright owners than those on the  priority '' list .
10
Those countries -- including Greece  Those countries -- including Japan , -- are still of some concern to the U.S. .  patent and copyright owners than those on the priority '' list .
Those countries -- including Greece  are deemed to pose less - serious problems for American patent copyright owners than those on the priority '' list  patent and copyright owners than those on the priority '' list .
Those countries -- including Canada ,  Those countries -- including Japan , -- are still of some concern to the U.S. .  patent and copyright owners than those on the priority '' list .
Those countries -- including Canada ,  are deemed to pose less - serious problems for American patent copyright owners than those on the priority '' list  patent and copyright owners than those on the priority '' list .
Those countries -- including Italy ,  Those countries -- including Japan , -- are still of some concern to the U.S. .  patent and copyright owners than those on the priority '' list .
Those countries -- including Italy ,  are deemed to pose less - serious problems for American patent copyright owners than those on the priority '' list  patent and copyright owners than those on the priority '' list .
Those countries -- including Japan ,  Those countries -- including Japan , -- are still of some concern to the U.S. .  patent and copyright owners than those on the priority '' list .
Those countries -- including Japan ,  are deemed to pose less - serious problems for American patent copyright owners than those on the priority '' list  patent and copyright owners than those on the priority '' list .
Those countries -- including Spain  Those countries -- including Japan , -- are still of some concern to the U.S. .  patent and copyright owners than those on the priority '' list .
Those countries -- including Spain  are deemed to pose less - serious problems for American patent copyright owners than those on the priority '' list  patent and copyright owners than those on the priority '' list .



Gary Hoffman , a Washington lawyer specializing in intellectual-property cases , saidthe threat of U.S. retaliation , combined with a growing recognition that protecting intellectual property is in a country 's own interest , prompted the improvements made by South Korea , Taiwan and Saudi Arabia .
3
Gary Hoffman , a Washington lawyer specializing in intellectual - property cases , saidthe threat of U.S. retaliation , combined with a growing recognition that protecting intellectual property is in a country 's own interest , prompted the improvements made by Taiwan .
Gary Hoffman , a Washington lawyer specializing in intellectual - property cases , saidthe threat of U.S. retaliation , combined with a growing recognition that protecting intellectual property is in a country 's own interest , prompted the improvements made by South Korea , .
Gary Hoffman , a Washington lawyer specializing in intellectual - property cases , saidthe threat of U.S. retaliation , combined with a growing recognition that protecting intellectual property is in a country 's own interest , prompted the improvements made by Saudi Arabia .



Mrs. Hills said that the U.S. is still concerned about  disturbing developments in Turkey and continuing slow progress in Malaysia . ''
2
Mrs. Hills said that the U.S. is still concerned about disturbing developments in Turkey . ''
Mrs. Hills said that the U.S. is still concerned about continuing slow progress in Malaysia . ''



She did n't elaborate , although earlier U.S. trade reports have complained of videocassette piracy in Malaysia and disregard for U.S. pharmaceutical patents in Turkey .
2
She did n't elaborate , although earlier U.S. trade reports have complained of videocassette piracy in Malaysia .
She did n't elaborate , although earlier U.S. trade reports have complained of disregard for U.S. pharmaceutical patents in Turkey .



Argentine negotiator Carlos Carballo was in Washington and New York this week to meet with banks .
2
Argentine negotiator Carlos Carballo was in Washington this week to meet with banks .
Argentine negotiator Carlos Carballo was in New York this week to meet with banks .



Mr. Rapanelli recently has saidthe government of President Carlos Menem , who took office July 8 , feelsa significant reduction of principal and interest is the only waythe debt problem may be solved .
2
Mr. Rapanelli recently has saidthe government of President Carlos Menem , who took office July 8 , feelsa significant reduction of principal is the only waythe debt problem may be solved .
Mr. Rapanelli recently has saidthe government of President Carlos Menem , who took office July 8 , feelsa significant reduction of interest is the only waythe debt problem may be solved .



That year the Apple II , Commodore Pet and Tandy TRS-80 came to market .
2
That year , Commodore Pet came to market .
That year , Tandy TRS - 80 came to market .



Apple II owners , for example , had to use their television sets as screens and stored data on audiocassettes .
2
Apple II owners , for example , had to use their television sets as screens .
Apple II owners , for example , had to use their television sets as stored data on audiocassettes .



But Apple II was a major advance from Apple I , which was built in a garage by Stephen Wozniak and Steven Jobs for hobbyists such as the Homebrew Computer Club .
2
But Apple II was a major advance from Apple I , which was built in a garage by Stephen Wozniak for hobbyists such as the Homebrew Computer Club .  Stephen Wozniak for hobbyists such as the Homebrew Computer Club .
But Apple II was a major advance from Apple I , which was built in a garage by Stephen Wozniak for hobbyists such as the Homebrew Computer Club .  Steven Jobs for hobbyists such as the Homebrew Computer Club .



Crude as they were , these early PCs triggered explosive product development in desktop models for the home and office .
2
Crude as they were , these early PCs triggered explosive product development in desktop models for the home .
Crude as they were , these early PCs triggered explosive product development in desktop models for office .



But the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built-from-kit types such as the Altair , Sol and IMSAI -- had keyboards and could store about two pages of data in their memories .
12
But the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards .  Sol  the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards . .
But the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards .  Sol  could store about two pages of data in their memories .
But the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards .  the Altair ,  the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards . .
But the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards .  the Altair ,  could store about two pages of data in their memories .
But the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards .  IMSAI  the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards . .
But the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards .  IMSAI  could store about two pages of data in their memories .
But could store about two pages of data in their memories  Sol  the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards . .
But could store about two pages of data in their memories  Sol  could store about two pages of data in their memories .
But could store about two pages of data in their memories  the Altair ,  the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards . .
But could store about two pages of data in their memories  the Altair ,  could store about two pages of data in their memories .
But could store about two pages of data in their memories  IMSAI  the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built - from - kit types such as the Altair , -- had keyboards . .
But could store about two pages of data in their memories  IMSAI  could store about two pages of data in their memories .



Current PCs are more than 50 times faster and have memory capacity 500 times greater than their 1977 counterparts .
2
Current PCs are more than 50 times faster .
Current PCs are have memory capacity 500 times greater than their 1977 counterparts .



William Gates and Paul Allen in 1975 developed an early language-housekeeper system for PCs , and Gates became an industry billionaire six years after IBM adapted one of these versions in 1981 .
4
 William Gates  William Gates in 1975 developed an early language - housekeeper system for PCs , 
 William Gates  Gates became an industry billionaire six years after IBM adapted one of these versions in 1981 . 
 Paul Allen  William Gates in 1975 developed an early language - housekeeper system for PCs , 
 Paul Allen  Gates became an industry billionaire six years after IBM adapted one of these versions in 1981 . 



Dennis Hayes and Dale Heatherington , two Atlanta engineers , were co-developers of the internal modems that allow PCs to share data via the telephone .
2
 Dennis Hayes , two Atlanta engineers , , two Atlanta engineers , were co-developers of the internal modems that allow PCs to share data via the telephone .
 Dale Heatherington , two Atlanta engineers , were co-developers of the internal modems that allow PCs to share data via the telephone .



F.H. Faulding & Co. , an Australian pharmaceuticals company , saidits Moleculon Inc. affiliate acquired Kalipharma Inc. for $ 23 million .
2
 F.H. Faulding , an Australian pharmaceuticals company , , an Australian pharmaceuticals company , saidits Moleculon Inc . affiliate acquired Kalipharma Inc . for $ 23 million .
 Co. , an Australian pharmaceuticals company , saidits Moleculon Inc . affiliate acquired Kalipharma Inc . for $ 23 million .



Faulding saidit owns 33 % of Moleculon 's voting stock and has an agreement to acquire an additional 19 % .
2
 Faulding saidit owns 33 % of Moleculon 's voting stock . .
 has an agreement to acquire an additional 19 % .



Esso Australia Ltd. , a unit of New York-based Exxon Corp. , and Broken Hill Pty. operate the fields in a joint venture .
1
 Esso Australia Ltd. , a unit of New York - based Exxon Corp . , Broken Hill Pty . operate the fields in a joint venture .



The Perch and Dolphin fields are expected to start producing early next year , and the Seahorse and Tarwhine fields later next year .
8
The Perch  The Perch fields are expected to start producing early next year , .  Seahorse fields later next year .
The Perch  The Perch fields are expected to start producing early next year , .  Tarwhine fields later next year .
The Perch  the Seahorse fields later next year  Seahorse fields later next year .
The Perch  the Seahorse fields later next year  Tarwhine fields later next year .
The Dolphin  The Perch fields are expected to start producing early next year , .  Seahorse fields later next year .
The Dolphin  The Perch fields are expected to start producing early next year , .  Tarwhine fields later next year .
The Dolphin  the Seahorse fields later next year  Seahorse fields later next year .
The Dolphin  the Seahorse fields later next year  Tarwhine fields later next year .



R.P. Scherer Corp. saidit completed the $ 10.2 million sale of its Southern Optical subsidiary to a group led by the unit 's president , Thomas R. Sloan , and other managers .
2
R.P. Scherer Corp . saidit completed the $ 10.2 million sale of its Southern Optical subsidiary to a group led by the unit 's president , Thomas R. Sloan , .
R.P. Scherer Corp . saidit completed the $ 10.2 million sale of its Southern Optical subsidiary to a group led by other managers .



The White House saidPresident Bush has approved duty-free treatment for imports of certain types of watches that are n't produced in  significant quantities '' in the U.S. , the Virgin Islands and other U.S. possessions .
3
The White House saidPresident Bush has approved duty - free treatment for imports of certain types of watches that are n't produced in significant quantities '' in the Virgin Islands .
The White House saidPresident Bush has approved duty - free treatment for imports of certain types of watches that are n't produced in significant quantities '' in the U.S. , .
The White House saidPresident Bush has approved duty - free treatment for imports of certain types of watches that are n't produced in significant quantities '' in other U.S. possessions .



The White House saidMr. Bush decided to grant duty-free status for 18 categories , but turned down such treatment for other types of watches  because of the potential for material injury to watch producers located in the U.S. and the Virgin Islands . ''
4
 The White House saidMr . Bush decided to grant duty - free status for 18 categories , . ''  the U.S. . ''
 The White House saidMr . Bush decided to grant duty - free status for 18 categories , . ''  the Virgin Islands . ''
 turned down such treatment for other types of watches because of the potential for material injury to watch producers located in the U.S.  the U.S. . ''
 turned down such treatment for other types of watches because of the potential for material injury to watch producers located in the U.S.  the Virgin Islands . ''



Timex is a major U.S. producer and seller of watches , including low-priced battery-operated watches assembled in the Philippines and other developing nations covered by the U.S. tariff preferences .
4
Timex is a major U.S. producer of watches , including low - priced battery - operated watches assembled in the Philippines of watches , including low - priced battery - operated watches assembled in the Philippines .
Timex is a major U.S. producer of watches , including low - priced battery - operated watches assembled in the Philippines of watches , including low - priced battery - operated watches assembled in other developing nations covered by the U.S. tariff preferences .
Timex is seller of watches , including low - priced battery - operated watches assembled in the Philippines .
Timex is seller of watches , including low - priced battery - operated watches assembled in other developing nations covered by the U.S. tariff preferences .



U.S. trade officials saidthe Philippines and Thailand would be the main beneficiaries of the president 's action .
2
U.S. trade officials saidthe Philippines would be the main beneficiaries of the president 's action .
U.S. trade officials saidthe Thailand would be the main beneficiaries of the president 's action .



Magna International Inc. 's chief financial officer , James McAlpine , resigned and its chairman , Frank Stronach , is stepping in to help turn the automotive-parts manufacturer around , the company said.
2
 Magna International Inc . 's chief financial officer , James McAlpine , resigned , the company said .
 its chairman , Frank Stronach , is stepping in to help turn the automotive - parts manufacturer around , the company said .



Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending  until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , '' Magna said.
4
Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead  until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved , '' Magna said .
Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead  maintained , '' Magna said .
Mr. Stronach will direct an effort curb capital spending until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved  until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved , '' Magna said .
Mr. Stronach will direct an effort curb capital spending until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved  maintained , '' Magna said .



An ambitious expansion has left Magna with excess capacity and a heavy debt load as the automotive industry enters a downturn .
2
An ambitious expansion has left Magna with excess capacity .
An ambitious expansion has left Magna with a heavy debt load as the automotive industry enters a downturn .



Magna recently cut its quarterly dividend in half and the company 's Class A shares are wallowing far below their 52-week high of 16.125 Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 13.73 -RRB- .
2
 Magna recently cut its quarterly dividend in half 
 the company 's Class A shares are wallowing far below their 52 - week high of 16.125 Canadian dollars - LRB - US$ 13.73 - RRB - . 



Mr. Stronach , founder and controlling shareholder of Magna , resigned as chief executive officer last year to seek , unsuccessfully , a seat in Canada 's Parliament .
2
Mr. Stronach , founder , resigned as chief executive officer last year to seek , unsuccessfully , a seat in Canada 's Parliament .
Mr. Stronach , controlling shareholder of Magna , resigned as chief executive officer last year to seek , unsuccessfully , a seat in Canada 's Parliament .



The company saidMr. Stronach will personally direct the restructuring , assisted by Manfred Gingl , president and chief executive .
2
The company saidMr . Stronach will personally direct the restructuring , assisted by Manfred Gingl , president .
The company saidMr . Stronach will personally direct the restructuring , assisted by Manfred Gingl , chief executive .



Neither they nor Mr. McAlpine could be reached for comment .
2
 Neither they could be reached for comment .
 Mr. McAlpine could be reached for comment .



The rest went to investors from France and Hong Kong .
2
The rest went to investors from France .
The rest went to investors from Hong Kong .



The latest two funds were assembled jointly by Goldman , Sachs & Co. of the U.S. and Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co .
6
The latest two funds were assembled jointly by Sachs  Goldman , of the U.S. .
The latest two funds were assembled jointly by Sachs  Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co .
The latest two funds were assembled jointly by Goldman , of the U.S.  Goldman , of the U.S. .
The latest two funds were assembled jointly by Goldman , of the U.S.  Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co .
The latest two funds were assembled jointly by Co.  Goldman , of the U.S. .
The latest two funds were assembled jointly by Co.  Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co .



The new , seven-year funds -- one offering a fixed-rate return and the other with a floating-rate return linked to the London interbank offered rate -- offer two key advantages to Japanese investors .
2
The new , seven - year funds -- one offering a fixed - rate return with a floating - rate return linked to the London interbank offered rate -- with a floating - rate return linked to the London interbank offered rate -- offer two key advantages to Japanese investors .
The new , seven - year funds -- one offering the other with a floating - rate return linked to the London interbank offered rate -- offer two key advantages to Japanese investors .



First , they are designed to eliminate the risk of prepayment -- mortgage-backed securities can be retired early if interest rates decline , and such prepayment forces investors to redeploy their money at lower rates .
2
First , they are designed to eliminate the risk of prepayment -- mortgage - backed securities can be retired early if interest rates decline , .
First , they are designed to eliminate the risk of prepayment -- mortgage - backed securities can be retired early such prepayment forces investors to redeploy their money at lower rates .



By addressing those problems , Mr. Maxwell said, the new funds have become  extremely attractive to Japanese and other investors outside the U.S. . ''
2
By addressing those problems , Mr. Maxwell said , the new funds have become extremely attractive to Japanese investors outside the U.S. . ''
By addressing those problems , Mr. Maxwell said , the new funds have become extremely attractive to other investors outside the U.S. . ''



Such devices have boosted Japanese investment in mortgage-backed securities to more than 1 % of the $ 900 billion in such instruments outstanding , and their purchases are growing at a rapid rate .
2
 Such devices have boosted Japanese investment in mortgage - backed securities to more than 1 % of the $ 900 billion in such instruments outstanding , 
 their purchases are growing at a rapid rate . 



LTV Corp. saida federal bankruptcy court judge agreed to extend until March 8 , 1990 , the period in which the steel , aerospace and energy products company has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan .
3
LTV Corp . saida federal bankruptcy court judge agreed to extend until March 8 , 1990 , the period in which aerospace company has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan .
LTV Corp . saida federal bankruptcy court judge agreed to extend until March 8 , 1990 , the period in which the steel , company has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan .
LTV Corp . saida federal bankruptcy court judge agreed to extend until March 8 , 1990 , the period in which energy products company has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan .



Japan 's reserves of gold , convertible foreign currencies , and special drawing rights fell by a hefty $ 1.82 billion in October to $ 84.29 billion , the Finance Ministry said.
2
Japan 's reserves of convertible foreign currencies , and special drawing rights fell by a hefty $ 1.82 billion in October to $ 84.29 billion , the Finance Ministry said .
Japan 's reserves of gold , and special drawing rights fell by a hefty $ 1.82 billion in October to $ 84.29 billion , the Finance Ministry said .



No fewer than 24 country funds have been launched or registered with regulators this year , triple the level of all of 1988 , according to Charles E. Simon & Co. , a Washington-based research firm .
6
 No fewer than 24 country funds have been launched .  Charles E. Simon , a Washington - based research firm , a Washington - based research firm .
 No fewer than 24 country funds have been launched .  Co. , a Washington - based research firm .
 registered with regulators this year ,  Charles E. Simon , a Washington - based research firm , a Washington - based research firm .
 registered with regulators this year ,  Co. , a Washington - based research firm .
 triple the level of all of 1988 , according to Charles E. Simon , a Washington - based research firm  Charles E. Simon , a Washington - based research firm , a Washington - based research firm .
 triple the level of all of 1988 , according to Charles E. Simon , a Washington - based research firm  Co. , a Washington - based research firm .



The surge brings to nearly 50 the number of country funds that are or soon will be listed in New York or London .
4
 The surge brings to nearly 50  New York .
 The surge brings to nearly 50  London .
 the number of country funds that are soon will be listed in New York .  New York .
 the number of country funds that are soon will be listed in New York .  London .



 People are looking to stake their claims '' now before the number of available nations runs out , says Michael Porter , an analyst at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , New York .
3
People are looking to stake their claims '' now before the number of available nations runs out , says Michael Porter , an analyst at Harris Upham , New York , New York .
People are looking to stake their claims '' now before the number of available nations runs out , says Michael Porter , an analyst at Smith Barney , , New York .
People are looking to stake their claims '' now before the number of available nations runs out , says Michael Porter , an analyst at Co. , New York .



And the firms are stretching their nets far and wide to do it .
2
And the firms are stretching their nets far to do it .  far to do it .
And the firms are stretching their nets far to do it .  wide to do it .



Financial planners often urge investors to diversify and to hold a smattering of international securities .
2
Financial planners often urge investors to diversify .
Financial planners often urge investors to hold a smattering of international securities .



And many emerging markets have outpaced more mature markets , such as the U.S. and Japan .
2
And many emerging markets have outpaced more mature markets , such as the U.S. .  the U.S. .
And many emerging markets have outpaced more mature markets , such as the U.S. .  Japan .



Political and currency gyrations can whipsaw the funds .
2
 Political gyrations can whipsaw the funds .
 currency gyrations can whipsaw the funds .



When the stock market dropped nearly 7 % Oct. 13 , for instance , the Mexico Fund plunged about 18 % and the Spain Fund fell 16 % .
2
 When the stock market dropped nearly 7 % Oct . 13 , for instance , the Mexico Fund plunged about 18 % 
 the Spain Fund fell 16 % . 



After trading at an average discount of more than 20 % in late 1987 and part of last year , country funds currently trade at an average premium of 6 % .
2
After trading at an average discount of more than 20 % in late 1987 , country funds currently trade at an average premium of 6 % .
After part of last year , country funds currently trade at an average premium of 6 % .



Unlike many U.S. investors , those in Asia or Europe seeking foreign-stock exposure may be less resistant to paying higher prices for country funds .
2
Unlike many U.S. investors , those in Asia seeking foreign - stock exposure may be less resistant to paying higher prices for country funds .
Unlike many U.S. investors , those in Europe seeking foreign - stock exposure may be less resistant to paying higher prices for country funds .



Nonetheless , plenty of U.S. analysts and money managers are aghast at the lofty trading levels of some country funds .
2
Nonetheless , plenty of U.S. analysts are aghast at the lofty trading levels of some country funds .
Nonetheless , plenty of money managers are aghast at the lofty trading levels of some country funds .



The U.S. and Soviet Union are holding technical talks about possible repayment by Moscow of $ 188 million in pre-Communist Russian debts owed to the U.S. government , the State Department said.
2
 The U.S. are holding technical talks about possible repayment by Moscow of $ 188 million in pre-Communist Russian debts owed to the U.S. government , the State Department said .
 Soviet Union are holding technical talks about possible repayment by Moscow of $ 188 million in pre-Communist Russian debts owed to the U.S. government , the State Department said .



The branch of the Bank for Foreign Economic Affairs was approved last spring and opened in July .
2
 The branch of the Bank for Foreign Economic Affairs was approved last spring . .
 opened in July .



Under a 1934 law , the Johnson Debt Default Act , as amended , it 's illegal for Americans to extend credit to countries in default to the U.S. government , unless they are members of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund .
2
Under a 1934 law , the Johnson Debt Default Act , as amended , it 's illegal for Americans to extend credit to countries in default to the U.S. government , unless they are members of the World Bank .
Under a 1934 law , the Johnson Debt Default Act , as amended , it 's illegal for Americans to extend credit to countries in default to the U.S. government , unless they are members of International Monetary Fund .



In another reflection that the growth of the economy is leveling off , the government said that orders for manufactured goods and spending on construction failed to rise in September .
2
In another reflection that the growth of the economy is leveling off , the government said that orders for manufactured goods failed to rise in September .
In another reflection that the growth of the economy is leveling off , the government said that orders for spending on construction failed to rise in September .



Private construction spending was down , but government building activity was up .
2
 Private construction spending was down , 
 government building activity was up . 



The figures in both reports were adjusted to remove the effects of usual seasonal patterns , but were n't adjusted for inflation .
2
 The figures in both reports were adjusted to remove the effects of usual seasonal patterns , . .
 were n't adjusted for inflation .



 This conforms to the ` soft landing ' scenario , '' said Elliott Platt , an economist at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
3
This conforms to the ` soft landing ' scenario , '' said Elliott Platt , an economist at Lufkin .
This conforms to the ` soft landing ' scenario , '' said Elliott Platt , an economist at Donaldson , .
This conforms to the ` soft landing ' scenario , '' said Elliott Platt , an economist at Jenrette Securities Corp .



Although the purchasing managers ' index continues to indicate a slowing economy , it is n't signaling an imminent recession , saidRobert Bretz , chairman of the association 's survey committee and director of materials management at Pitney Bowes Inc. , Stamford , Conn .
2
Although the purchasing managers ' index continues to indicate a slowing economy , it is n't signaling an imminent recession , saidRobert Bretz , chairman of the association 's survey committee of materials management at Pitney Bowes Inc of materials management at Pitney Bowes Inc . , Stamford , Conn .
Although the purchasing managers ' index continues to indicate a slowing economy , it is n't signaling an imminent recession , saidRobert Bretz , chairman of director of materials management at Pitney Bowes Inc . , Stamford , Conn .



When demand is stronger than suppliers can handle and delivery times lengthen , prices tend to rise .
2
When demand is stronger than suppliers can handle , prices tend to rise .
When demand is stronger delivery times lengthen , prices tend to rise .



Each of the survey 's indicators gauges the difference between the number of purchasers reporting improvement in a particular area and the number reporting a worsening .
2
Each of the survey 's indicators gauges the difference between the number of purchasers reporting improvement in a particular area .
Each of the survey 's indicators gauges the difference between the number of purchasers reporting the number reporting a worsening .



It found that of the 73 % who import , 10 % saidthey imported more in October and 12 % saidthey imported less than the previous month .
2
It found that of the 73 % who import , 10 % saidthey imported more in October .
It found that of the 73 % who import , 12 % saidthey imported less than the previous month .



While acknowledgingone month 's figures do n't prove a trend , Mr. Bretz said ,  It does lead you to suspectimports are going down , or at least not increasing that much . ''
2
While acknowledgingone month 's figures do n't prove a trend , Mr. Bretz said , It does lead you to suspectimports are going down , . ''
While acknowledgingone month 's figures do n't prove a trend , Mr. Bretz said , It does lead you to suspectimports at least not increasing that much . ''



Items listed as being in short supply numbered only about a dozen , but they included one newcomer : milk and milk powder .
2
Items listed as being in short supply numbered only about a dozen , but they included one newcomer : milk .
Items listed as being in short supply numbered only about a dozen , but they included one newcomer : milk powder .



Characters drink Salty Dogs , whistle  Johnny B. Goode '' and watch Bugs Bunny reruns .
2
 Characters drink Salty Dogs , '' . .
 watch Bugs Bunny reruns .



They read Mickey Spillane and talk about Groucho and Harpo .
4
 They read Mickey Spillane .  Groucho .
 They read Mickey Spillane .  Harpo .
 talk about Groucho  Groucho .
 talk about Groucho  Harpo .



They worry about their careers , drink too much and suffer through broken marriages and desultory affairs .
6
 drink too much  broken marriages .
 drink too much  desultory affairs .
 They worry about their careers , .  broken marriages .
 They worry about their careers , .  desultory affairs .
 suffer through broken marriages  broken marriages .
 suffer through broken marriages  desultory affairs .



It 's imaginative and often funny .
2
It 's imaginative .
It 's often funny .



Along the way , he meets a solicitous Christian chauffeur who offers the hero God 's phone number ; and the Sheep Man , a sweet , roughhewn figure who wears -- what else -- a sheepskin .
2
 Along the way , he meets a solicitous Christian chauffeur who offers the hero God 's phone number ; . .
 the Sheep Man , a sweet , roughhewn figure who wears -- what else -- a sheepskin .



Their books are written in idiomatic , contemporary language and usually carry hefty dashes of Americana .
2
 Their books are written in idiomatic , contemporary language . .
 usually carry hefty dashes of Americana .



As Mr. Whiting describes it , Nipponese baseball is a  mirror of Japan 's fabled virtues of hard work and harmony . ''
2
As Mr. Whiting describes it , Nipponese baseball is a mirror of Japan 's fabled virtues of hard work . ''
As Mr. Whiting describes it , Nipponese baseball is a mirror of Japan 's fabled virtues of harmony . ''



 Wa '' is Japanese for  team spirit '' and Japanese ballplayers have miles and miles of it .
4
 Wa '' is Japanese for team spirit ''  miles of it of it .
 Wa '' is Japanese for team spirit ''  miles of it .
 Japanese ballplayers have miles of it .  miles of it of it .
 Japanese ballplayers have miles of it .  miles of it .



A player 's commitment to practice and team image is as important as his batting average .
2
A player 's commitment to practice is as important as his batting average .
A player 's commitment to team image is as important as his batting average .



But other than the fact that besuboru is played with a ball and a bat , it 's unrecognizable : Fans politely return foul balls to stadium ushers ; the strike zone expands depending on the size of the hitter ; ties are permitted -- even welcomed -- since they honorably sidestep the shame of defeat ; players must abide by strict rules of conduct even in their personal lives -- players for the Tokyo Giants , for example , must always wear ties when on the road .
2
But other than the fact that besuboru is played with a ball , it 's unrecognizable : Fans politely return foul balls to stadium ushers ; the strike zone expands depending on the size of the hitter  a ball , it 's unrecognizable : Fans politely return foul balls to stadium ushers ; the strike zone expands depending on the size of the hitter ; ties are permitted -- even welcomed -- since they honorably sidestep the shame of defeat ; players must abide by strict rules of conduct even in their personal lives -- players for the Tokyo Giants , for example , must always wear ties when on the road .
But other than the fact that besuboru is played with a ball , it 's unrecognizable : Fans politely return foul balls to stadium ushers ; the strike zone expands depending on the size of the hitter  a bat , it 's unrecognizable : Fans politely return foul balls to stadium ushers ; the strike zone expands depending on the size of the hitter ; ties are permitted -- even welcomed -- since they honorably sidestep the shame of defeat ; players must abide by strict rules of conduct even in their personal lives -- players for the Tokyo Giants , for example , must always wear ties when on the road .



Despite the enormous sums of moneythey 're paid to stand up at a Japanese plate , a good number decideit 's not worth it and run for home .
2
 Despite the enormous sums of moneythey 're paid to stand up at a Japanese plate , a good number decideit 's not worth it . .
 run for home .



It 's probably true that many salarymen put in unproductive overtime just for the sake of solidarity , that the system is so hierarchical that only the assistant manager can talk to the manager and the manager to the general manager , and that Sony was chary of letting a young , short-term American employee take on any responsibility .
2
It 's probably true that many salarymen put in unproductive overtime just for the sake of solidarity , that the system is so hierarchical that only the assistant manager can talk to the manager  that many salarymen put in unproductive overtime just for the sake of solidarity , that only the assistant manager can talk to the manager , that Sony was chary of letting a young , short - term American employee take on any responsibility .
It 's probably true that many salarymen put in unproductive overtime just for the sake of solidarity , that the system is so hierarchical that only the assistant manager can talk to the manager to the general manager  that many salarymen put in unproductive overtime just for the sake of solidarity , that only the assistant manager can talk to the manager , that Sony was chary of letting a young , short - term American employee take on any responsibility .



All of this must have been enormously frustrating to Mr. Katzenstein , who went to Sony with degrees in business and computer science and was raring to invent another Walkman .
4
All of this must have been enormously frustrating to Mr. Katzenstein , who went to Sony with degrees in business  who went to Sony with degrees in business .
All of this must have been enormously frustrating to Mr. Katzenstein , who went to Sony with degrees in business  was raring to invent another Walkman .
All of this must have been enormously frustrating to Mr. Katzenstein , who went to Sony with degrees in computer science  who went to Sony with degrees in business .
All of this must have been enormously frustrating to Mr. Katzenstein , who went to Sony with degrees in computer science  was raring to invent another Walkman .



But Sony ultimately took a lesson from the American management books and fired Mr. Katzenstein , after he committed the social crime of making an appointment to see the venerable Akio Morita , founder of Sony .
4
But Sony ultimately took a lesson from the American management books .  Sony ultimately took a lesson from the American management books . .
But Sony ultimately took a lesson from the American management books .  fired Mr. Katzenstein , after he committed the social crime of making an appointment to see the venerable Akio Morita , founder of Sony .
But fired Mr. Katzenstein , after he committed the social crime of making an appointment to see the venerable Akio Morita , founder of Sony  Sony ultimately took a lesson from the American management books . .
But fired Mr. Katzenstein , after he committed the social crime of making an appointment to see the venerable Akio Morita , founder of Sony  fired Mr. Katzenstein , after he committed the social crime of making an appointment to see the venerable Akio Morita , founder of Sony .



Mr. Katzenstein certainly would have learned something , and it 's even possibleMr. Morita would have too .
2
 Mr. Katzenstein certainly would have learned something , 
 it 's even possibleMr . Morita would have too . 



More and more corners of the globe are becoming free of tobacco smoke .
2
 More corners of the globe are becoming free of tobacco smoke .
 more corners of the globe are becoming free of tobacco smoke .



In Singapore , a new law requires smokers to put out their cigarettes before entering restaurants , department stores and sports centers or face a $ 250 fine .
6
In Singapore , a new law requires smokers to put out their cigarettes before entering department stores  to put out their cigarettes before entering restaurants , .
In Singapore , a new law requires smokers to put out their cigarettes before entering department stores  face a $ 250 fine .
In Singapore , a new law requires smokers to put out their cigarettes before entering restaurants ,  to put out their cigarettes before entering restaurants , .
In Singapore , a new law requires smokers to put out their cigarettes before entering restaurants ,  face a $ 250 fine .
In Singapore , a new law requires smokers to put out their cigarettes before entering sports centers  to put out their cigarettes before entering restaurants , .
In Singapore , a new law requires smokers to put out their cigarettes before entering sports centers  face a $ 250 fine .



Discos and private clubs are exempt from the ban , and smoking will be permitted in bars except during meal hours , an official said.
4
 Discos  Discos are exempt from the ban , , an official said .
 Discos  smoking will be permitted in bars except during meal hours , an official said .
 private clubs  Discos are exempt from the ban , , an official said .
 private clubs  smoking will be permitted in bars except during meal hours , an official said .



Singapore already bans smoking in all theaters , buses , public elevators , hospitals and fast-food restaurants .
5
Singapore already bans smoking in hospitals .
Singapore already bans smoking in public elevators , .
Singapore already bans smoking in buses , .
Singapore already bans smoking in all theaters , .
Singapore already bans smoking in fast - food restaurants .



In Malaysia , Siti Zaharah Sulaiman , a deputy minister in the prime minister 's office , launched a  No-Smoking Week '' at the Mara Institute of Technology near Kuala Lumpur and urged other schools to ban on-campus smoking .
2
 In Malaysia , Siti Zaharah Sulaiman , a deputy minister in the prime minister 's office , launched a No - Smoking Week '' at the Mara Institute of Technology near Kuala Lumpur . .
 urged other schools to ban on - campus smoking .



In Seoul , officials began visiting about 26,000 cigarette stalls to remove illegal posters and signboards advertising imported cigarettes .
2
In Seoul , officials began visiting about 26,000 cigarette stalls to remove illegal posters advertising imported cigarettes .
In Seoul , officials began visiting about 26,000 cigarette stalls to remove signboards advertising imported cigarettes .



South Korea has opened its market to foreign cigarettes but restricts advertising to designated places .
2
 South Korea has opened its market to foreign cigarettes . .
 restricts advertising to designated places .



The study by the Backer Spielvogel Bates ad agency also found that the colony 's consumers feel more pressured than those in any of the other surveyed markets , which include the U.S. and Japan .
2
The study by the Backer Spielvogel Bates ad agency also found that the colony 's consumers feel more pressured than those in any of the other surveyed markets , which include the U.S. .
The study by the Backer Spielvogel Bates ad agency also found that the colony 's consumers feel more pressured than those in any of the other surveyed markets , which include Japan .



The survey found that nearly half of Hong Kong consumers espouse what it identified as materialistic values , compared with about one-third in Japan and the U.S. .
2
The survey found that nearly half of Hong Kong consumers espouse what it identified as materialistic values , compared with about one - third in Japan .
The survey found that nearly half of Hong Kong consumers espouse what it identified as materialistic values , compared with about one - third in the U.S. .



More than three in five saidthey are under a great deal of stress most of the time , compared with less than one in two U.S. consumers and one in four in Japan .
2
More than three in five saidthey are under a great deal of stress most of the time , compared with less than one in two U.S. consumers .
More than three in five saidthey are under a great deal of stress most of the time , compared with one in four in Japan .



The Thai cabinet endorsed Finance Minister Pramual Sabhavasu 's proposal to build a $ 19 million conference center for a joint meeting of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund two years from now .
2
The Thai cabinet endorsed Finance Minister Pramual Sabhavasu 's proposal to build a $ 19 million conference center for a joint meeting of the World Bank two years from now .
The Thai cabinet endorsed Finance Minister Pramual Sabhavasu 's proposal to build a $ 19 million conference center for a joint meeting of International Monetary Fund two years from now .



The meeting , which is expected to draw 20,000 to Bangkok , was going to be held at the Central Plaza Hotel , but the government balked at the hotel 's conditions for undertaking necessary expansion .
2
 The meeting , which is expected to draw 20,000 to Bangkok , was going to be held at the Central Plaza Hotel , 
 the government balked at the hotel 's conditions for undertaking necessary expansion . 



An official of the Palestinian Olympic Committee saidthe committee first applied for membership in 1979 and renewed its application in August of this year .
2
 An official of the Palestinian Olympic Committee saidthe committee first applied for membership in 1979 . .
 renewed its application in August of this year .



The PLO in recent months has been trying to join international organizations but failed earlier this year to win membership in the World Health Organization and the World Tourism Organization .
4
 The PLO in recent months has been trying to join international organizations .  the World Health Organization .
 The PLO in recent months has been trying to join international organizations .  the World Tourism Organization .
 failed earlier this year to win membership in the World Health Organization  the World Health Organization .
 failed earlier this year to win membership in the World Health Organization  the World Tourism Organization .



Once the disease was confirmed , all the man 's associates and family were tested , but none have so far been found to have AIDS , the newspaper said.
4
Once the disease was confirmed , all the man 's associates  Once the disease was confirmed , all the man 's associates were tested , , the newspaper said .
Once the disease was confirmed , all the man 's associates  none have so far been found to have AIDS , the newspaper said .
Once the disease was confirmed , family  Once the disease was confirmed , all the man 's associates were tested , , the newspaper said .
Once the disease was confirmed , family  none have so far been found to have AIDS , the newspaper said .



The Polish government increased home electricity charges by 150 % and doubled gas prices .
2
 The Polish government increased home electricity charges by 150 % . .
 doubled gas prices .



The official news agency PAP saidthe increases were intended to bring unrealistically low energy charges into line with production costs and compensate for a rise in coal prices .
2
The official news agency PAP saidthe increases were intended to bring unrealistically low energy charges into line with production costs .
The official news agency PAP saidthe increases were intended compensate for a rise in coal prices .



Mr. Nemeth said in parliament that Czechoslovakia and Hungary would suffer environmental damage if the twin dams were built as planned .
2
Mr. Nemeth said in parliament that Czechoslovakia would suffer environmental damage if the twin dams were built as planned .
Mr. Nemeth said in parliament that Hungary would suffer environmental damage if the twin dams were built as planned .



The Toronto-based real estate concern saideach bond warrant entitles the holder to buy C$ 1,000 principal amount of debentures at par plus accrued interest to the date of purchase .
1
 The Toronto - based real estate concern saideach bond warrant entitles the holder to buy C $ 1,000 principal amount of debentures at par accrued interest to the date of purchase . 



Lead underwriters for the issue are Scotia McLeod Inc. and RBC Dominion Securities Inc. , both Toronto-based investment dealers .
2
Lead underwriters for the issue are Scotia McLeod Inc . . , both Toronto - based investment dealers .
Lead underwriters for the issue are RBC Dominion Securities Inc . , both Toronto - based investment dealers .



But it is Mr. Lane , as movie director , producer and writer , who has been obsessed with refitting Chaplin 's Little Tramp in a contemporary way .
3
But it is Mr. Lane , as movie director , .  producer , who has been obsessed with refitting Chaplin 's Little Tramp in a contemporary way , who has been obsessed with refitting Chaplin 's Little Tramp in a contemporary way .
But it is Mr. Lane , as movie director , .  movie director , , who has been obsessed with refitting Chaplin 's Little Tramp in a contemporary way .
But it is Mr. Lane , as movie director , .  writer , who has been obsessed with refitting Chaplin 's Little Tramp in a contemporary way .



Composer Marc Marder , a college friend of Mr. Lane 's who earns his living playing the double bass in classical music ensembles , has prepared an exciting , eclectic score that tells you what the characters are thinking and feeling far more precisely than intertitles , or even words , would .
4
Composer Marc Marder , a college friend of Mr. Lane 's who earns his living playing the double bass in classical music ensembles , has prepared an exciting , eclectic score that tells you what the characters are thinking  intertitles , , would .
Composer Marc Marder , a college friend of Mr. Lane 's who earns his living playing the double bass in classical music ensembles , has prepared an exciting , eclectic score that tells you what the characters are thinking  even words , would .
Composer Marc Marder , a college friend of Mr. Lane 's who earns his living playing the double bass in classical music ensembles , has prepared an exciting , eclectic score that tells you what what feeling far more precisely than intertitles ,  intertitles , , would .
Composer Marc Marder , a college friend of Mr. Lane 's who earns his living playing the double bass in classical music ensembles , has prepared an exciting , eclectic score that tells you what what feeling far more precisely than intertitles ,  even words , would .



Filmed in lovely black and white by Bill Dill , the New York streets of  Sidewalk Stories '' seem benign .
2
Filmed in lovely black , the New York streets of Sidewalk Stories '' seem benign .
Filmed in white by Bill Dill , the New York streets of Sidewalk Stories '' seem benign .



On Wall Street men and women walk with great purpose , noticing one another only when they jostle for cabs .
2
On Wall Street men walk with great purpose , noticing one another only when they jostle for cabs .
On women walk with great purpose , noticing one another only when they jostle for cabs .



The Artist hangs out in Greenwich Village , on a strip of Sixth Avenue populated by jugglers , magicians and other good-natured hustlers .
3
The Artist hangs out in Greenwich Village , on a strip of Sixth Avenue populated by magicians .
The Artist hangs out in Greenwich Village , on a strip of Sixth Avenue populated by jugglers , .
The Artist hangs out in Greenwich Village , on a strip of Sixth Avenue populated by other good - natured hustlers .



He spends his days sketching passers-by , or trying to .
2
He spends his days sketching passers - by , .
He spends his days trying to .



This cute child turns out to be a blessing and a curse .
2
This cute child turns out to be a blessing .
This cute child turns out to be a curse .



She gives the Artist a sense of purpose , but also alerts him to the serious inadequacy of his vagrant life .
2
 She gives the Artist a sense of purpose , . .
 also alerts him to the serious inadequacy of his vagrant life .



To further load the stakes , Mr. Lane dreamed up a highly improbable romance for the Artist , with a young woman who owns her own children 's shop and who lives in an expensive high-rise apartment building .
2
To further load the stakes , Mr. Lane dreamed up a highly improbable romance for the Artist , with a young woman who owns her own children 's shop .
To further load the stakes , Mr. Lane dreamed up a highly improbable romance for the Artist , with a young woman who lives in an expensive high - rise apartment building .



He has a pointhe wants to make , and he makes it , with a great deal of force .
2
 He has a pointhe wants to make , 
 he makes it , with a great deal of force . 



The movie ends with sound , the sound of street people talking , and there is n't anything whimsical or enviable in those rough , beaten voices .
4
 The movie ends with sound , the sound of street people talking ,  whimsical in those rough , beaten voices .
 The movie ends with sound , the sound of street people talking ,  enviable in those rough , beaten voices .
 there is n't anything whimsical in those rough , beaten voices .  whimsical in those rough , beaten voices .
 there is n't anything whimsical in those rough , beaten voices .  enviable in those rough , beaten voices .



Yet this woman , Marie-Louise Giraud , carries historical significance , both as one of the last womento be executed in France and as a symbol of the Vichy government 's hypocrisy .
2
Yet this woman , Marie - Louise Giraud , carries historical significance , both as one of the last womento be executed in France .  both as one of the last womento be executed in France .
Yet this woman , Marie - Louise Giraud , carries historical significance , both as one of the last womento be executed in France .  as a symbol of the Vichy government 's hypocrisy .



While Vichy collaborated with the Germans during World War II in the deaths of thousands of Resistance fighters and Jews , its officials needed a diversionary symbolic traitor .
2
While Vichy collaborated with the Germans during World War II in the deaths of thousands of Resistance fighters , its officials needed a diversionary symbolic traitor .
While Vichy collaborated with the Germans during World War II in the deaths of thousands of Jews , its officials needed a diversionary symbolic traitor .



She became an abortionist accidentally , and continued because it enabled her to buy jam , cocoa and other war-rationed goodies .
6
 She became an abortionist accidentally , .  cocoa .
 She became an abortionist accidentally , .  jam , .
 She became an abortionist accidentally , .  other war - rationed goodies .
 continued because it enabled her to buy jam ,  cocoa .
 continued because it enabled her to buy jam ,  jam , .
 continued because it enabled her to buy jam ,  other war - rationed goodies .



Her remorse was shallow and brief .
2
Her remorse was shallow .
Her remorse was brief .



Although she was kind and playful to her children , she was dreadful to her war-damaged husband ; she openly brought her lover into their home .
2
Although she was kind , she was dreadful to her war - damaged husband ; she openly brought her lover into their home .
Although she was playful to her children , she was dreadful to her war - damaged husband ; she openly brought her lover into their home .



As presented by Mr. Chabrol , and played with thin-lipped intensity by Isabelle Huppert , Marie-Louise -LRB- called Marie Latour in the film -RRB- was not a nice person .
3
 As presented by Mr. Chabrol , 
 played with thin-lipped intensity by Isabelle Huppert , Marie - Louise - LRB - called Marie Latour in the film - RRB - 
 was not a nice person . 



Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people either fighting or eating and drinking to celebrate victory .
9
Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people either fighting  eating .
Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people either fighting  either fighting .
Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people either fighting  drinking to celebrate victory .
Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people eating  eating .
Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people eating  either fighting .
Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people eating  drinking to celebrate victory .
Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people drinking to celebrate victory  eating .
Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people drinking to celebrate victory  either fighting .
Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people drinking to celebrate victory  drinking to celebrate victory .



I mention the picture only because many bad movies have a bright spot , and this one has Gregory Peck , in a marvelously loose and energetic portrayal of an old man who wants to die the wayhe wants to die .
4
I mention the picture only because many bad movies have a bright spot ,  marvelously loose portrayal of an old man who wants to die the wayhe wants to die .
I mention the picture only because many bad movies have a bright spot ,  energetic portrayal of an old man who wants to die the wayhe wants to die .
I mention the picture this one has Gregory Peck , in a marvelously loose portrayal of an old man who wants to die  marvelously loose portrayal of an old man who wants to die the wayhe wants to die .
I mention the picture this one has Gregory Peck , in a marvelously loose portrayal of an old man who wants to die  energetic portrayal of an old man who wants to die the wayhe wants to die .



The discussions are still in preliminary stages , and the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company and Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. , Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. and Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd .
32
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  the Seattle aerospace company  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  the Seattle aerospace company  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. , .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  the Seattle aerospace company  the Seattle aerospace company .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  the Seattle aerospace company  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. ,  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. ,  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. , .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. ,  the Seattle aerospace company .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. ,  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. , .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.  the Seattle aerospace company .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. , .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd  the Seattle aerospace company .
 The discussions are still in preliminary stages ,  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  the Seattle aerospace company  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  the Seattle aerospace company  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. , .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  the Seattle aerospace company  the Seattle aerospace company .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  the Seattle aerospace company  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. ,  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. ,  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. , .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. ,  the Seattle aerospace company .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. ,  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. , .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.  the Seattle aerospace company .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. , .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd  the Seattle aerospace company .
 the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company .  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd  Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd .



Japanese press reports have speculated that the Japanese contribution could rise to between 20 % and 25 % under the new program .
2
Japanese press reports have speculated that the Japanese contribution could rise to between 20 % under the new program under the new program .
Japanese press reports have speculated that the Japanese contribution could rise to 25 % under the new program .



