Rudolph Agnew , 55 years old and former chairman of Consolidated Gold Fields PLC , was named a nonexecutive director of this British industrial conglomerate .
2
Rudolph Agnew 55 years old was named a nonexecutive director of this British industrial conglomerate
Rudolph Agnew former chairman of Consolidated Gold Fields PLC was named a nonexecutive director of this British industrial conglomerate



Neither Lorillard nor the researchers who studied the workers were aware of any research on smokers of the Kent cigarettes .
2
 Neither Lorillard studied the workers were aware of any research on smokers of the Kent cigarettes
 the researchers who studied the workers were aware of any research on smokers of the Kent cigarettes



Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the National Cancer Institute and the medical schools of Harvard University and Boston University .
4
Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the National Cancer Institute  of Harvard University 
Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the National Cancer Institute  Boston University 
Dr. Talcott led a team the medical schools of Harvard University Boston University  of Harvard University 
Dr. Talcott led a team the medical schools of Harvard University Boston University  Boston University 



The Lorillard spokeswoman saidasbestos was used in  very modest amounts '' in making paper for the filters in the early 1950s and replaced with a different type of filter in 1956 .
2
 The Lorillard spokeswoman saidasbestos was used in  very modest amounts in making paper for the filters in the early 1950s 
 The Lorillard spokeswoman saidasbestos replaced with a different type of filter in 1956 



The total of 18 deaths from malignant mesothelioma , lung cancer and asbestosis was far higher than expected , the researchers said.
3
The total of 18 deaths from malignant mesothelioma was far higher than expected the researchers said.
The total of 18 deaths lung cancer was far higher than expected the researchers said.
The total of 18 deaths asbestosis was far higher than expected the researchers said.



The plant , which is owned by Hollingsworth & Vose Co. , was under contract with Lorillard to make the cigarette filters .
2
The plant which is owned by Hollingsworth Co. was under contract with Lorillard to make the cigarette filters
The plant which is owned by Vose Co. was under contract with Lorillard to make the cigarette filters



The finding probably will support those who argue that the U.S. should regulate the class of asbestos including crocidolite more stringently than the common kind of asbestos , chrysotile , found in most schools and other buildings , Dr. Talcott said.
2
The finding probably will support those who argue that the U.S. should regulate the class of asbestos including crocidolite more stringently than the common kind of asbestos chrysotile found in most schools 
The finding probably will support those who argue that the U.S. should regulate the class of asbestos including crocidolite more stringently other buildings Dr. Talcott said. 



More common chrysotile fibers are curly and are more easily rejected by the body , Dr. Mossman explained.
2
 More common chrysotile fibers are curly 
 More common chrysotile fibers are more easily rejected by the body Dr. Mossman explained. 



Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin , poured in cotton and acetate fibers and mechanically mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters .
4
Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin poured in cotton acetate fibers  cotton fibers and mechanically mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters
Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin poured in cotton acetate fibers  acetate fibers and mechanically mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters
Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin mechanically mixed  cotton fibers and mechanically mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters
Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin mechanically mixed  acetate fibers and mechanically mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters



 There 's no question that some of those workers and managers contracted asbestos-related diseases , '' said Darrell Phillips , vice president of human resources for Hollingsworth & Vose .
4
There 's no question that some of those workers contracted asbestos-related diseases said Darrell Phillips vice president of human resources for Hollingsworth 
There 's no question that some of those workers contracted asbestos-related diseases said Darrell Phillips vice president of human resources Vose 
There 's no question that some managers contracted asbestos-related diseases said Darrell Phillips vice president of human resources for Hollingsworth 
There 's no question that some managers contracted asbestos-related diseases said Darrell Phillips vice president of human resources Vose 



Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends and that the current yield continues for a year .
2
Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends 
Compound yields assume that the current yield continues for a year 



Typically , money-fund yields beat comparable short-term investments because portfolio managers can vary maturities and go after the highest rates .
2
Typically money-fund yields beat comparable short-term investments because portfolio managers can vary maturities 
Typically money-fund yields beat comparable short-term investments portfolio managers go after the highest rates 



It invests heavily in dollar-denominated securities overseas and is currently waiving management fees , which boosts its yield .
2
 It invests heavily in dollar-denominated securities overseas 
 It is currently waiving management fees which boosts its yield 



J.P. Bolduc , vice chairman of W.R. Grace & Co. , which holds a 83.4 % interest in this energy-services company , was elected a director .
2
J.P. Bolduc vice chairman of W.R. Grace Co. which holds a 83.4 % interest in this energy-services company which holds a 83.4 % interest in this energy-services company was elected a director
J.P. Bolduc vice chairman Co. which holds a 83.4 % interest in this energy-services company was elected a director



Pacific First Financial Corp. saidshareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , or $ 212 million .
2
Pacific First Financial Corp. saidshareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share 
Pacific First Financial Corp. saidshareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto $ 212 million 



The thrift holding company saidit expects to obtain regulatory approval and complete the transaction by year-end .
2
 The thrift holding company saidit to obtain regulatory approval 
 The thrift holding company saidit complete the transaction by year-end 



McDermott International Inc. saidits Babcock & Wilcox unit completed the sale of its Bailey Controls Operations to Finmeccanica S.p . A. for $ 295 million .
2
McDermott International Inc. saidits Babcock unit completed the sale of its Bailey Controls Operations to Finmeccanica S.p A. for $ 295 million
McDermott International Inc. saidits Wilcox unit completed the sale of its Bailey Controls Operations to Finmeccanica S.p A. for $ 295 million



It employs 2,700 people and has annual revenue of about $ 370 million .
2
 It employs 2,700 people 
 It has annual revenue of about $ 370 million 



The House has voted to raise the ceiling to $ 3.1 trillion , but the Senate is n't expected to act until next week at the earliest .
2
 The House has voted to raise the ceiling to $ 3.1 trillion 
 the Senate is n't expected to act until next week at the earliest 



Clark J. Vitulli was named senior vice president and general manager of this U.S. sales and marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp .
9
Clark J. Vitulli was named senior vice president of this U.S. sales  senior vice president of this U.S. sales 
Clark J. Vitulli was named senior vice president of this U.S. sales  marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp 
Clark J. Vitulli was named senior vice president of this U.S. sales  general manager 
Clark J. Vitulli was named marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp  senior vice president of this U.S. sales 
Clark J. Vitulli was named marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp  marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp 
Clark J. Vitulli was named marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp  general manager 
Clark J. Vitulli was named general manager  senior vice president of this U.S. sales 
Clark J. Vitulli was named general manager  marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp 
Clark J. Vitulli was named general manager  general manager 



In the new position he will oversee Mazda 's U.S. sales , service , parts and marketing operations .
3
In the new position he will oversee Mazda 's U.S. sales service 
In the new position he will oversee Mazda 's U.S. sales marketing operations 
In the new position he will oversee Mazda 's U.S. sales parts 



He had been a sales and marketing executive with Chrysler for 20 years .
2
 He had been a sales with Chrysler for 20 years with Chrysler for 20 years
 marketing executive with Chrysler for 20 years



When it 's time for their biannual powwow , the nation 's manufacturing titans typically jet off to the sunny confines of resort towns like Boca Raton and Hot Springs .
2
When it 's time for their biannual powwow the nation 's manufacturing titans typically jet off to the sunny confines of resort towns like Boca Raton 
When it 's time for their biannual powwow the nation 's manufacturing titans typically jet off to the sunny confines of resort towns Hot Springs 



And the city decided to treat its guests more like royalty or rock stars than factory owners .
2
And the city decided to treat its guests more like royalty stars than factory owners
And the city decided to treat its guests more like rock stars than factory owners



On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Du Pont and Maytag , along with lesser knowns like Trojan Steel and the Valley Queen Cheese Factory .
4
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Du Pont along with lesser knowns like Trojan Steel 
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Du Pont along with lesser knowns the Valley Queen Cheese Factory 
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants Maytag along with lesser knowns like Trojan Steel 
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants Maytag along with lesser knowns the Valley Queen Cheese Factory 



For starters , the executives joined Mayor William H. Hudnut III for an evening of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra and a guest pianist-comedian Victor Borge .
2
For starters the executives joined Mayor William H. Hudnut III for an evening of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra 
For starters the executives joined Mayor William H. Hudnut III a guest pianist-comedian Victor Borge 



Champagne and dessert followed .
2
 Champagne followed
 dessert followed



The next morning , with a police escort , busloads of executives and their wives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , unimpeded by traffic or red lights .
4
The next morning with a police escort busloads of executives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway unimpeded by traffic lights
The next morning with a police escort busloads of executives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway unimpeded by red lights
The next morning with a police escort busloads their wives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway unimpeded by traffic lights
The next morning with a police escort busloads their wives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway unimpeded by red lights



A buffet breakfast was held in the museum , where food and drinks are banned to everyday visitors .
2
A buffet breakfast was held in the museum where food are banned to everyday visitors
A buffet breakfast was held in the museum where drinks are banned to everyday visitors



Then , in the guests ' honor , the speedway hauled out four drivers , crews and even the official Indianapolis 500 announcer for a 10-lap exhibition race .
3
Then in the guests ' honor the speedway hauled out four drivers for a 10-lap exhibition race
Then in the guests ' honor the speedway hauled out even the official Indianapolis 500 announcer for a 10-lap exhibition race
Then in the guests ' honor the speedway hauled out crews for a 10-lap exhibition race



After the race , Fortune 500 executives drooled like schoolboys over the cars and drivers .
2
After the race Fortune 500 executives drooled like schoolboys over the cars 
After the race Fortune 500 executives drooled like schoolboys drivers 



No dummies , the drivers pointed outthey still had space on their machines for another sponsor 's name or two .
2
No dummies the drivers pointed outthey still had space on their machines for another sponsor 's name 
No dummies the drivers pointed outthey still had space on their machines two 



This time , it was for dinner and dancing -- a block away .
2
 This time it was for dinner a block away a block away
 dancing a block away



Under the stars and moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana duckling mousseline , lobster consomme , veal mignon and chocolate terrine with a raspberry sauce .
4
 Under the stars of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana duckling mousseline lobster consomme veal mignon with a raspberry sauce with a raspberry sauce
 Under the stars of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana chocolate terrine with a raspberry sauce
 moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana duckling mousseline lobster consomme veal mignon with a raspberry sauce with a raspberry sauce
 moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana chocolate terrine with a raspberry sauce



Preliminary tallies by the Trade and Industry Ministry showed another trade deficit in October , the fifth monthly setback this year , casting a cloud on South Korea 's export-oriented economy .
2
Preliminary tallies by the Trade Ministry showed another trade deficit in October the fifth monthly setback this year casting a cloud on South Korea 's export-oriented economy
Preliminary tallies by the Industry Ministry showed another trade deficit in October the fifth monthly setback this year casting a cloud on South Korea 's export-oriented economy



South Korea 's economic boom , which began in 1986 , stopped this year because of prolonged labor disputes , trade conflicts and sluggish exports .
3
South Korea 's economic boom which began in 1986 stopped this year because of prolonged labor disputes 
South Korea 's economic boom which began in 1986 stopped this year sluggish exports 
South Korea 's economic boom which began in 1986 stopped this year trade conflicts 



Newsweek , trying to keep pace with rival Time magazine , announced new advertising rates for 1990 and saidit will introduce a new incentive plan for advertisers .
2
Newsweek trying to keep pace with rival Time magazine announced new advertising rates for 1990 will introduce a new incentive plan for advertisers
Newsweek trying to keep pace with rival Time magazine announced new advertising rates saidit will introduce a new incentive plan for advertisers



Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining or increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies and underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News & World Report .
24
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  the fierce competition between Newsweek  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  the fierce competition between Newsweek  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  the fierce competition between Newsweek  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  the fierce competition between Newsweek  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining ad spending  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  the fierce competition between Newsweek  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  the fierce competition between Newsweek  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies  Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  the fierce competition between Newsweek  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  the fierce competition between Newsweek  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine  World Report 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  U.S. News 
Plans that give advertisers discounts increasing  Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining increasing ad spending underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News World Report  World Report 



The magazine will reward with  page bonuses '' advertisers who in 1990 meet or exceed their 1989 spending , as long as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989 and $ 340,000 in 1990 .
4
The magazine will reward with  page bonuses advertisers who in 1990 meet their 1989 spending as long as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989 $ 340,000 in 1990 their 1989 spending as long as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989 
The magazine will reward with  page bonuses advertisers who in 1990 meet their 1989 spending as long as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989 $ 340,000 in 1990 their 1989 spending as long as they spent $ 340,000 in 1990 
The magazine will reward with  page bonuses advertisers who exceed their 1989 spending as long as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989 
The magazine will reward with  page bonuses advertisers who exceed their 1989 spending as long as they spent $ 340,000 in 1990 



 What matters is what advertisers are paying per page , and in that department we are doing fine this fall , '' said Mr. Spoon .
2
What matters is what advertisers are paying per page said Mr. Spoon
What matters is in that department we are doing fine this fall said Mr. Spoon



Both Newsweek and U.S. News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers , such as telephones or watches .
4
Both Newsweek News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers such as telephones 
Both Newsweek News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers watches 
Both U.S. News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers such as telephones 
Both U.S. News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers watches 



New England Electric System bowed out of the bidding for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , saying that the risks were too high and the potential payoff too far in the future to justify a higher offer .
2
New England Electric System bowed out of the bidding for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire saying that the risks were too high 
New England Electric System bowed out of the bidding for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire saying the potential payoff too far in the future to justify a higher offer 



The move leaves United Illuminating Co. and Northeast Utilities as the remaining outside bidders for PS of New Hampshire , which also has proposed an internal reorganization plan in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings under which it would remain an independent company .
2
The move leaves United Illuminating Co. as the remaining outside bidders for PS of New Hampshire which also has proposed an internal reorganization plan in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings under which it would remain an independent company as the remaining outside bidders for PS of New Hampshire which also has proposed an internal reorganization plan in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings under which it would remain an independent company
The move leaves Northeast Utilities as the remaining outside bidders for PS of New Hampshire which also has proposed an internal reorganization plan in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings under which it would remain an independent company



New England Electric , based in Westborough , Mass. , had offered $ 2 billion to acquire PS of New Hampshire , well below the $ 2.29 billion valueUnited Illuminating places on its bid and the $ 2.25 billionNortheast saysits bid is worth .
2
New England Electric based in Westborough Mass. had offered $ 2 billion to acquire PS of New Hampshire well below the $ 2.29 billion valueUnited Illuminating places on its bid is worth
New England Electric based in Westborough Mass. had offered $ 2 billion to acquire PS of New Hampshire well below the $ 2.29 billion valueUnited Illuminating places the $ 2.25 billionNortheast saysits bid is worth



United Illuminating is based in New Haven , Conn. , and Northeast is based in Hartford , Conn .
2
 United Illuminating is based in New Haven Conn. 
 Northeast is based in Hartford Conn 



John Rowe , president and chief executive officer of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid and its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire -- such as growth in electricity demand and improved operating efficiencies -- did n't come true .
12
 John Rowe of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid  in electricity demand did n't come true
 John Rowe of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid  improved operating efficiencies did n't come true
 John Rowe of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire such as growth in electricity demand improved operating efficiencies  in electricity demand did n't come true
 John Rowe of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire such as growth in electricity demand improved operating efficiencies  improved operating efficiencies did n't come true
 president of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid  in electricity demand did n't come true
 president of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid  improved operating efficiencies did n't come true
 president of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire such as growth in electricity demand improved operating efficiencies  in electricity demand did n't come true
 president of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire such as growth in electricity demand improved operating efficiencies  improved operating efficiencies did n't come true
 chief executive officer of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid  in electricity demand did n't come true
 chief executive officer of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid  improved operating efficiencies did n't come true
 chief executive officer of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire such as growth in electricity demand improved operating efficiencies  in electricity demand did n't come true
 chief executive officer of New England Electric saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire such as growth in electricity demand improved operating efficiencies  improved operating efficiencies did n't come true



 When we evaluated raising our bid , the risks seemed substantial and persistent over the next five years , and the rewards seemed a long way out .
4
 When we evaluated raising our bid the risks seemed substantial persistent over the next five years  substantial over the next five years and the rewards seemed a long way out
 When we evaluated raising our bid the risks seemed substantial persistent over the next five years  persistent over the next five years and the rewards seemed a long way out
 the rewards seemed a long way out  substantial over the next five years and the rewards seemed a long way out
 the rewards seemed a long way out  persistent over the next five years and the rewards seemed a long way out



Northeast saidit would refile its request and still hopes for an expedited review by the FERC so that it could complete the purchase by next summer if its bid is the one approved by the bankruptcy court .
2
 Northeast saidit would refile its request 
 Northeast saidit still hopes for an expedited review by the FERC so that it could complete the purchase by next summer if its bid is the one approved by the bankruptcy court 



Norman Ricken , 52 years old and former president and chief operating officer of Toys  R '' Us Inc. , and Frederick Deane Jr. , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp. , were elected directors of this consumer electronics and appliances retailing chain .
24
Norman Ricken 52 years old  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken 52 years old  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken 52 years old  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken 52 years old  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken 52 years old  chief operating officer  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken 52 years old  chief operating officer  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken 52 years old  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken 52 years old  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  chief operating officer  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  chief operating officer  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken chief operating officer  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken chief operating officer  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken chief operating officer  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken chief operating officer  former president of Toys  R Us Inc. Frederick Deane Jr. 63  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken chief operating officer  chief operating officer  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken chief operating officer  chief operating officer  of Toys  R Us Inc. chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 
Norman Ricken chief operating officer  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors of this consumer electronics 
Norman Ricken chief operating officer  chief operating officer  Frederick Deane Jr. 63 chairman of Signet Banking Corp. were elected directors appliances retailing chain 



They succeed Daniel M. Rexinger , retired Circuit City executive vice president , and Robert R. Glauber , U.S. Treasury undersecretary , on the 12-member board .
3
They succeed Daniel M. Rexinger 
They succeed Robert R. Glauber U.S. Treasury undersecretary on the 12-member board 
They succeed retired Circuit City executive vice president 



Commonwealth Edison Co. was ordered to refund about $ 250 million to its current and former ratepayers for illegal rates collected for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant .
2
Commonwealth Edison Co. was ordered to refund about $ 250 million to its current for illegal rates collected for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant for illegal rates collected for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant
Commonwealth Edison Co. was ordered to refund about $ 250 million former ratepayers for illegal rates collected for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant



The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by the Illinois Commerce Commission and trade groups saidit may be the largest ever required of a state or local utility .
4
 The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by the Illinois Commerce Commission  state utility
 The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by the Illinois Commerce Commission  local utility
 trade groups saidit may be the largest ever required of a state local utility  state utility
 trade groups saidit may be the largest ever required of a state local utility  local utility



Judge Curry ordered the refunds to begin Feb. 1 and said that he would n't entertain any appeals or other attempts to block his order by Commonwealth Edison .
4
 Judge Curry ordered the refunds to begin Feb. 1  any appeals to block his order by Commonwealth Edison
 Judge Curry ordered the refunds to begin Feb. 1  other attempts to block his order by Commonwealth Edison
 Judge Curry said that he would n't entertain any appeals other attempts to block his order by Commonwealth Edison  any appeals to block his order by Commonwealth Edison
 Judge Curry said that he would n't entertain any appeals other attempts to block his order by Commonwealth Edison  other attempts to block his order by Commonwealth Edison



Commonwealth Edison saidit is already appealing the underlying commission order and is considering appealing Judge Curry 's order .
2
 Commonwealth Edison saidit is already appealing the underlying commission order 
 Commonwealth Edison saidit is considering appealing Judge Curry 's order 



For 1988 , Commonwealth Edison reported earnings of $ 737.5 million , or $ 3.01 a share .
2
For 1988 Commonwealth Edison reported earnings of $ 737.5 million 
For 1988 Commonwealth Edison reported earnings $ 3.01 a share 



But state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase and found the rates illegal .
4
But state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase  state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase 
But state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase  state courts found the rates illegal 
But state courts found the rates illegal  state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase 
But state courts found the rates illegal  state courts found the rates illegal 



The Illinois Supreme Court ordered the commission to audit Commonwealth Edison 's construction expenses and refund any unreasonable expenses .
2
The Illinois Supreme Court ordered the commission to audit Commonwealth Edison 's construction expenses 
The Illinois Supreme Court ordered the commission refund any unreasonable expenses 



In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million and $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable and should be refunded , plus interest .
4
 In August the commission ruled that between $ 190 million $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable  between $ 190 million of the plant 's construction cost of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable and should be refunded plus interest
 In August the commission ruled that between $ 190 million $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable  $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable and should be refunded plus interest
 the commission should be refunded plus interest  between $ 190 million of the plant 's construction cost of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable and should be refunded plus interest
 the commission should be refunded plus interest  $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable and should be refunded plus interest



Japan 's domestic sales of cars , trucks and buses in October rose 18 % from a year earlier to 500,004 units , a record for the month , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said.
3
Japan 's domestic sales of cars in October rose 18 % from a year earlier to 500,004 units a record for the month the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said.
Japan 's domestic sales trucks in October rose 18 % from a year earlier to 500,004 units a record for the month the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said.
Japan 's domestic sales buses in October rose 18 % from a year earlier to 500,004 units a record for the month the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said.



The strong growth followed year-to-year increases of 21 % in August and 12 % in September .
2
The strong growth followed year-to-year increases of 21 % in August 
The strong growth followed year-to-year increases 12 % in September 



