Rudolph Agnew , 55 years old and former chairman of Consolidated Gold Fields PLC , was named a nonexecutive director of this British industrial conglomerate .
Neither Lorillard nor the researchers who studied the workers were aware of any research on smokers of the Kent cigarettes .
Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the National Cancer Institute and the medical schools of Harvard University and Boston University .
The Lorillard spokeswoman saidasbestos was used in  very modest amounts '' in making paper for the filters in the early 1950s and replaced with a different type of filter in 1956 .
The total of 18 deaths from malignant mesothelioma , lung cancer and asbestosis was far higher than expected , the researchers said.
The plant , which is owned by Hollingsworth & Vose Co. , was under contract with Lorillard to make the cigarette filters .
The finding probably will support those who argue that the U.S. should regulate the class of asbestos including crocidolite more stringently than the common kind of asbestos , chrysotile , found in most schools and other buildings , Dr. Talcott said.
More common chrysotile fibers are curly and are more easily rejected by the body , Dr. Mossman explained.
Workers dumped large burlap sacks of the imported material into a huge bin , poured in cotton and acetate fibers and mechanically mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters .
 There 's no question that some of those workers and managers contracted asbestos-related diseases , '' said Darrell Phillips , vice president of human resources for Hollingsworth & Vose .
Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends and that the current yield continues for a year .
Typically , money-fund yields beat comparable short-term investments because portfolio managers can vary maturities and go after the highest rates .
It invests heavily in dollar-denominated securities overseas and is currently waiving management fees , which boosts its yield .
J.P. Bolduc , vice chairman of W.R. Grace & Co. , which holds a 83.4 % interest in this energy-services company , was elected a director .
Pacific First Financial Corp. saidshareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , or $ 212 million .
The thrift holding company saidit expects to obtain regulatory approval and complete the transaction by year-end .
McDermott International Inc. saidits Babcock & Wilcox unit completed the sale of its Bailey Controls Operations to Finmeccanica S.p . A. for $ 295 million .
It employs 2,700 people and has annual revenue of about $ 370 million .
The House has voted to raise the ceiling to $ 3.1 trillion , but the Senate is n't expected to act until next week at the earliest .
Clark J. Vitulli was named senior vice president and general manager of this U.S. sales and marketing arm of Japanese auto maker Mazda Motor Corp .
In the new position he will oversee Mazda 's U.S. sales , service , parts and marketing operations .
He had been a sales and marketing executive with Chrysler for 20 years .
When it 's time for their biannual powwow , the nation 's manufacturing titans typically jet off to the sunny confines of resort towns like Boca Raton and Hot Springs .
And the city decided to treat its guests more like royalty or rock stars than factory owners .
On the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like Du Pont and Maytag , along with lesser knowns like Trojan Steel and the Valley Queen Cheese Factory .
For starters , the executives joined Mayor William H. Hudnut III for an evening of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra and a guest pianist-comedian Victor Borge .
Champagne and dessert followed .
The next morning , with a police escort , busloads of executives and their wives raced to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , unimpeded by traffic or red lights .
A buffet breakfast was held in the museum , where food and drinks are banned to everyday visitors .
Then , in the guests ' honor , the speedway hauled out four drivers , crews and even the official Indianapolis 500 announcer for a 10-lap exhibition race .
After the race , Fortune 500 executives drooled like schoolboys over the cars and drivers .
No dummies , the drivers pointed outthey still had space on their machines for another sponsor 's name or two .
This time , it was for dinner and dancing -- a block away .
Under the stars and moons of the renovated Indiana Roof ballroom , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them Indiana duckling mousseline , lobster consomme , veal mignon and chocolate terrine with a raspberry sauce .
Preliminary tallies by the Trade and Industry Ministry showed another trade deficit in October , the fifth monthly setback this year , casting a cloud on South Korea 's export-oriented economy .
South Korea 's economic boom , which began in 1986 , stopped this year because of prolonged labor disputes , trade conflicts and sluggish exports .
Newsweek , trying to keep pace with rival Time magazine , announced new advertising rates for 1990 and saidit will introduce a new incentive plan for advertisers .
Plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining or increasing ad spending have become permanent fixtures at the news weeklies and underscore the fierce competition between Newsweek , Time Warner Inc. 's Time magazine , and Mortimer B. Zuckerman 's U.S. News & World Report .
The magazine will reward with  page bonuses '' advertisers who in 1990 meet or exceed their 1989 spending , as long as they spent $ 325,000 in 1989 and $ 340,000 in 1990 .
 What matters is what advertisers are paying per page , and in that department we are doing fine this fall , '' said Mr. Spoon .
Both Newsweek and U.S. News have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic giveaways to subscribers , such as telephones or watches .
New England Electric System bowed out of the bidding for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , saying that the risks were too high and the potential payoff too far in the future to justify a higher offer .
The move leaves United Illuminating Co. and Northeast Utilities as the remaining outside bidders for PS of New Hampshire , which also has proposed an internal reorganization plan in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings under which it would remain an independent company .
New England Electric , based in Westborough , Mass. , had offered $ 2 billion to acquire PS of New Hampshire , well below the $ 2.29 billion valueUnited Illuminating places on its bid and the $ 2.25 billionNortheast saysits bid is worth .
United Illuminating is based in New Haven , Conn. , and Northeast is based in Hartford , Conn .
John Rowe , president and chief executive officer of New England Electric , saidthe company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid and its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire -- such as growth in electricity demand and improved operating efficiencies -- did n't come true .
 When we evaluated raising our bid , the risks seemed substantial and persistent over the next five years , and the rewards seemed a long way out .
Northeast saidit would refile its request and still hopes for an expedited review by the FERC so that it could complete the purchase by next summer if its bid is the one approved by the bankruptcy court .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old and former president and chief operating officer of Toys  R '' Us Inc. , and Frederick Deane Jr. , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp. , were elected directors of this consumer electronics and appliances retailing chain .
They succeed Daniel M. Rexinger , retired Circuit City executive vice president , and Robert R. Glauber , U.S. Treasury undersecretary , on the 12-member board .
Commonwealth Edison Co. was ordered to refund about $ 250 million to its current and former ratepayers for illegal rates collected for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant .
The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by the Illinois Commerce Commission and trade groups saidit may be the largest ever required of a state or local utility .
Judge Curry ordered the refunds to begin Feb. 1 and said that he would n't entertain any appeals or other attempts to block his order by Commonwealth Edison .
Commonwealth Edison saidit is already appealing the underlying commission order and is considering appealing Judge Curry 's order .
For 1988 , Commonwealth Edison reported earnings of $ 737.5 million , or $ 3.01 a share .
But state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase and found the rates illegal .
The Illinois Supreme Court ordered the commission to audit Commonwealth Edison 's construction expenses and refund any unreasonable expenses .
In August , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million and $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable and should be refunded , plus interest .
Japan 's domestic sales of cars , trucks and buses in October rose 18 % from a year earlier to 500,004 units , a record for the month , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said.
The strong growth followed year-to-year increases of 21 % in August and 12 % in September .
The new plant , located in Chinchon about 60 miles from Seoul , will help meet increasing and diversifying demand for control products in South Korea , the company said.
The plant will produce control devices used in motor vehicles and household appliances .
The survival of spinoff Cray Computer Corp. as a fledgling in the supercomputer business appears to depend heavily on the creativity -- and longevity -- of its chairman and chief designer , Seymour Cray .
Documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the pending spinoff disclosed that Cray Research Inc. will withdraw the almost $ 100 million in financingit is providing the new firm if Mr. Cray leaves or if the product-design projecthe heads is scrapped .
 The theory is that Seymour is the chief designer of the Cray-3 , and without him it could not be completed .
 You either believeSeymour can do it again or you do n't . ''
The SEC documents describe those chips , which are made of gallium arsenide , as being so fragile and minutethey will require special robotic handling equipment .
Cray Computer also will face intense competition , not only from Cray Research , which has about 60 % of the world-wide supercomputer market and which is expected to roll out the C-90 machine , a direct competitor with the Cray-3 , in 1991 .
The spinoff also will compete with International Business Machines Corp. and Japan 's Big Three -- Hitachi Ltd. , NEC Corp. and Fujitsu Ltd .
The new company saidit believesthere are fewer than 100 potential customers for supercomputers priced between $ 15 million and $ 30 million -- presumably the Cray-3 price range .
Without the Cray-3 research and development expenses , the company would have been able to report a profit of $ 19.3 million for the first half of 1989 rather than the $ 5.9 millionit posted .
Besides Messrs. Cray and Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president and chief executive officer ; Joseph M. Blanchard , 37 , vice president , engineering ; Malcolm A. Hammerton , 40 , vice president , software ; and Douglas R. Wheeland , 45 , vice president , hardware .
John R. Stevens , 49 years old , was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer , both new positions .
He will continue to report to Donald Pardus , president and chief executive officer .
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed South Korea , Taiwan and Saudi Arabia from a list of countriesit is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor U.S. patents , copyrights and other intellectual-property rights .
However , five other countries -- China , Thailand , India , Brazil and Mexico -- will remain on that so-called priority watch list as a result of an interim review , U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills announced.
Under the new U.S. trade law , those countries could face accelerated unfair-trade investigations and stiff trade sanctions if they do n't improve their protection of intellectual property by next spring .
She saidthere is  growing realization '' around the world that denial of intellectual-property rights harms all trading nations , and particularly the  creativity and inventiveness of an -LCB- offending -RCB- country 's own citizens . ''
U.S. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual-property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging their own scientists and authors and by deterring U.S. high-technology firms from investing or marketing their best products there .
Mrs. Hills lauded South Korea for creating an intellectual-property task force and special enforcement teams of police officers and prosecutors trained to pursue movie and book pirates .
Taiwan has improved its standing with the U.S. by initialing a bilateral copyright agreement , amending its trademark law and introducing legislationto protect foreign movie producers from unauthorized showings of their films .
Saudi Arabia , for its part , has vowed to enact a copyright law compatible with international standards and to apply the law to computer software as well as to literary works , Mrs. Hills said.
Those countries -- including Japan , Italy , Canada , Greece and Spain -- are still of some concern to the U.S. but are deemed to pose less-serious problems for American patent and copyright owners than those on the  priority '' list .
Gary Hoffman , a Washington lawyer specializing in intellectual-property cases , saidthe threat of U.S. retaliation , combined with a growing recognition that protecting intellectual property is in a country 's own interest , prompted the improvements made by South Korea , Taiwan and Saudi Arabia .
Mrs. Hills said that the U.S. is still concerned about  disturbing developments in Turkey and continuing slow progress in Malaysia . ''
She did n't elaborate , although earlier U.S. trade reports have complained of videocassette piracy in Malaysia and disregard for U.S. pharmaceutical patents in Turkey .
Argentine negotiator Carlos Carballo was in Washington and New York this week to meet with banks .
Mr. Rapanelli recently has saidthe government of President Carlos Menem , who took office July 8 , feelsa significant reduction of principal and interest is the only waythe debt problem may be solved .
That year the Apple II , Commodore Pet and Tandy TRS-80 came to market .
Apple II owners , for example , had to use their television sets as screens and stored data on audiocassettes .
But Apple II was a major advance from Apple I , which was built in a garage by Stephen Wozniak and Steven Jobs for hobbyists such as the Homebrew Computer Club .
Crude as they were , these early PCs triggered explosive product development in desktop models for the home and office .
But the new 1977 PCs -- unlike earlier built-from-kit types such as the Altair , Sol and IMSAI -- had keyboards and could store about two pages of data in their memories .
Current PCs are more than 50 times faster and have memory capacity 500 times greater than their 1977 counterparts .
William Gates and Paul Allen in 1975 developed an early language-housekeeper system for PCs , and Gates became an industry billionaire six years after IBM adapted one of these versions in 1981 .
Dennis Hayes and Dale Heatherington , two Atlanta engineers , were co-developers of the internal modems that allow PCs to share data via the telephone .
F.H. Faulding & Co. , an Australian pharmaceuticals company , saidits Moleculon Inc. affiliate acquired Kalipharma Inc. for $ 23 million .
Faulding saidit owns 33 % of Moleculon 's voting stock and has an agreement to acquire an additional 19 % .
Esso Australia Ltd. , a unit of New York-based Exxon Corp. , and Broken Hill Pty. operate the fields in a joint venture .
The Perch and Dolphin fields are expected to start producing early next year , and the Seahorse and Tarwhine fields later next year .
R.P. Scherer Corp. saidit completed the $ 10.2 million sale of its Southern Optical subsidiary to a group led by the unit 's president , Thomas R. Sloan , and other managers .
The White House saidPresident Bush has approved duty-free treatment for imports of certain types of watches that are n't produced in  significant quantities '' in the U.S. , the Virgin Islands and other U.S. possessions .
The White House saidMr. Bush decided to grant duty-free status for 18 categories , but turned down such treatment for other types of watches  because of the potential for material injury to watch producers located in the U.S. and the Virgin Islands . ''
Timex is a major U.S. producer and seller of watches , including low-priced battery-operated watches assembled in the Philippines and other developing nations covered by the U.S. tariff preferences .
U.S. trade officials saidthe Philippines and Thailand would be the main beneficiaries of the president 's action .
Magna International Inc. 's chief financial officer , James McAlpine , resigned and its chairman , Frank Stronach , is stepping in to help turn the automotive-parts manufacturer around , the company said.
Mr. Stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending  until a more satisfactory level of profit is achieved and maintained , '' Magna said.
An ambitious expansion has left Magna with excess capacity and a heavy debt load as the automotive industry enters a downturn .
Magna recently cut its quarterly dividend in half and the company 's Class A shares are wallowing far below their 52-week high of 16.125 Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 13.73 -RRB- .
Mr. Stronach , founder and controlling shareholder of Magna , resigned as chief executive officer last year to seek , unsuccessfully , a seat in Canada 's Parliament .
The company saidMr. Stronach will personally direct the restructuring , assisted by Manfred Gingl , president and chief executive .
Neither they nor Mr. McAlpine could be reached for comment .
The rest went to investors from France and Hong Kong .
The latest two funds were assembled jointly by Goldman , Sachs & Co. of the U.S. and Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co .
The new , seven-year funds -- one offering a fixed-rate return and the other with a floating-rate return linked to the London interbank offered rate -- offer two key advantages to Japanese investors .
First , they are designed to eliminate the risk of prepayment -- mortgage-backed securities can be retired early if interest rates decline , and such prepayment forces investors to redeploy their money at lower rates .
By addressing those problems , Mr. Maxwell said, the new funds have become  extremely attractive to Japanese and other investors outside the U.S. . ''
Such devices have boosted Japanese investment in mortgage-backed securities to more than 1 % of the $ 900 billion in such instruments outstanding , and their purchases are growing at a rapid rate .
LTV Corp. saida federal bankruptcy court judge agreed to extend until March 8 , 1990 , the period in which the steel , aerospace and energy products company has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan .
Japan 's reserves of gold , convertible foreign currencies , and special drawing rights fell by a hefty $ 1.82 billion in October to $ 84.29 billion , the Finance Ministry said.
No fewer than 24 country funds have been launched or registered with regulators this year , triple the level of all of 1988 , according to Charles E. Simon & Co. , a Washington-based research firm .
The surge brings to nearly 50 the number of country funds that are or soon will be listed in New York or London .
 People are looking to stake their claims '' now before the number of available nations runs out , says Michael Porter , an analyst at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , New York .
And the firms are stretching their nets far and wide to do it .
Financial planners often urge investors to diversify and to hold a smattering of international securities .
And many emerging markets have outpaced more mature markets , such as the U.S. and Japan .
Political and currency gyrations can whipsaw the funds .
When the stock market dropped nearly 7 % Oct. 13 , for instance , the Mexico Fund plunged about 18 % and the Spain Fund fell 16 % .
After trading at an average discount of more than 20 % in late 1987 and part of last year , country funds currently trade at an average premium of 6 % .
Unlike many U.S. investors , those in Asia or Europe seeking foreign-stock exposure may be less resistant to paying higher prices for country funds .
Nonetheless , plenty of U.S. analysts and money managers are aghast at the lofty trading levels of some country funds .
The U.S. and Soviet Union are holding technical talks about possible repayment by Moscow of $ 188 million in pre-Communist Russian debts owed to the U.S. government , the State Department said.
The branch of the Bank for Foreign Economic Affairs was approved last spring and opened in July .
Under a 1934 law , the Johnson Debt Default Act , as amended , it 's illegal for Americans to extend credit to countries in default to the U.S. government , unless they are members of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund .
In another reflection that the growth of the economy is leveling off , the government said that orders for manufactured goods and spending on construction failed to rise in September .
Private construction spending was down , but government building activity was up .
The figures in both reports were adjusted to remove the effects of usual seasonal patterns , but were n't adjusted for inflation .
 This conforms to the ` soft landing ' scenario , '' said Elliott Platt , an economist at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
Although the purchasing managers ' index continues to indicate a slowing economy , it is n't signaling an imminent recession , saidRobert Bretz , chairman of the association 's survey committee and director of materials management at Pitney Bowes Inc. , Stamford , Conn .
When demand is stronger than suppliers can handle and delivery times lengthen , prices tend to rise .
Each of the survey 's indicators gauges the difference between the number of purchasers reporting improvement in a particular area and the number reporting a worsening .
It found that of the 73 % who import , 10 % saidthey imported more in October and 12 % saidthey imported less than the previous month .
While acknowledgingone month 's figures do n't prove a trend , Mr. Bretz said ,  It does lead you to suspectimports are going down , or at least not increasing that much . ''
Items listed as being in short supply numbered only about a dozen , but they included one newcomer : milk and milk powder .
Characters drink Salty Dogs , whistle  Johnny B. Goode '' and watch Bugs Bunny reruns .
They read Mickey Spillane and talk about Groucho and Harpo .
They worry about their careers , drink too much and suffer through broken marriages and desultory affairs .
It 's imaginative and often funny .
Along the way , he meets a solicitous Christian chauffeur who offers the hero God 's phone number ; and the Sheep Man , a sweet , roughhewn figure who wears -- what else -- a sheepskin .
Their books are written in idiomatic , contemporary language and usually carry hefty dashes of Americana .
As Mr. Whiting describes it , Nipponese baseball is a  mirror of Japan 's fabled virtues of hard work and harmony . ''
 Wa '' is Japanese for  team spirit '' and Japanese ballplayers have miles and miles of it .
A player 's commitment to practice and team image is as important as his batting average .
But other than the fact that besuboru is played with a ball and a bat , it 's unrecognizable : Fans politely return foul balls to stadium ushers ; the strike zone expands depending on the size of the hitter ; ties are permitted -- even welcomed -- since they honorably sidestep the shame of defeat ; players must abide by strict rules of conduct even in their personal lives -- players for the Tokyo Giants , for example , must always wear ties when on the road .
Despite the enormous sums of moneythey 're paid to stand up at a Japanese plate , a good number decideit 's not worth it and run for home .
It 's probably true that many salarymen put in unproductive overtime just for the sake of solidarity , that the system is so hierarchical that only the assistant manager can talk to the manager and the manager to the general manager , and that Sony was chary of letting a young , short-term American employee take on any responsibility .
All of this must have been enormously frustrating to Mr. Katzenstein , who went to Sony with degrees in business and computer science and was raring to invent another Walkman .
But Sony ultimately took a lesson from the American management books and fired Mr. Katzenstein , after he committed the social crime of making an appointment to see the venerable Akio Morita , founder of Sony .
Mr. Katzenstein certainly would have learned something , and it 's even possibleMr. Morita would have too .
More and more corners of the globe are becoming free of tobacco smoke .
In Singapore , a new law requires smokers to put out their cigarettes before entering restaurants , department stores and sports centers or face a $ 250 fine .
Discos and private clubs are exempt from the ban , and smoking will be permitted in bars except during meal hours , an official said.
Singapore already bans smoking in all theaters , buses , public elevators , hospitals and fast-food restaurants .
In Malaysia , Siti Zaharah Sulaiman , a deputy minister in the prime minister 's office , launched a  No-Smoking Week '' at the Mara Institute of Technology near Kuala Lumpur and urged other schools to ban on-campus smoking .
In Seoul , officials began visiting about 26,000 cigarette stalls to remove illegal posters and signboards advertising imported cigarettes .
South Korea has opened its market to foreign cigarettes but restricts advertising to designated places .
The study by the Backer Spielvogel Bates ad agency also found that the colony 's consumers feel more pressured than those in any of the other surveyed markets , which include the U.S. and Japan .
The survey found that nearly half of Hong Kong consumers espouse what it identified as materialistic values , compared with about one-third in Japan and the U.S. .
More than three in five saidthey are under a great deal of stress most of the time , compared with less than one in two U.S. consumers and one in four in Japan .
The Thai cabinet endorsed Finance Minister Pramual Sabhavasu 's proposal to build a $ 19 million conference center for a joint meeting of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund two years from now .
The meeting , which is expected to draw 20,000 to Bangkok , was going to be held at the Central Plaza Hotel , but the government balked at the hotel 's conditions for undertaking necessary expansion .
An official of the Palestinian Olympic Committee saidthe committee first applied for membership in 1979 and renewed its application in August of this year .
The PLO in recent months has been trying to join international organizations but failed earlier this year to win membership in the World Health Organization and the World Tourism Organization .
Once the disease was confirmed , all the man 's associates and family were tested , but none have so far been found to have AIDS , the newspaper said.
The Polish government increased home electricity charges by 150 % and doubled gas prices .
The official news agency PAP saidthe increases were intended to bring unrealistically low energy charges into line with production costs and compensate for a rise in coal prices .
Mr. Nemeth said in parliament that Czechoslovakia and Hungary would suffer environmental damage if the twin dams were built as planned .
The Toronto-based real estate concern saideach bond warrant entitles the holder to buy C$ 1,000 principal amount of debentures at par plus accrued interest to the date of purchase .
Lead underwriters for the issue are Scotia McLeod Inc. and RBC Dominion Securities Inc. , both Toronto-based investment dealers .
But it is Mr. Lane , as movie director , producer and writer , who has been obsessed with refitting Chaplin 's Little Tramp in a contemporary way .
Composer Marc Marder , a college friend of Mr. Lane 's who earns his living playing the double bass in classical music ensembles , has prepared an exciting , eclectic score that tells you what the characters are thinking and feeling far more precisely than intertitles , or even words , would .
Filmed in lovely black and white by Bill Dill , the New York streets of  Sidewalk Stories '' seem benign .
On Wall Street men and women walk with great purpose , noticing one another only when they jostle for cabs .
The Artist hangs out in Greenwich Village , on a strip of Sixth Avenue populated by jugglers , magicians and other good-natured hustlers .
He spends his days sketching passers-by , or trying to .
This cute child turns out to be a blessing and a curse .
She gives the Artist a sense of purpose , but also alerts him to the serious inadequacy of his vagrant life .
To further load the stakes , Mr. Lane dreamed up a highly improbable romance for the Artist , with a young woman who owns her own children 's shop and who lives in an expensive high-rise apartment building .
He has a pointhe wants to make , and he makes it , with a great deal of force .
The movie ends with sound , the sound of street people talking , and there is n't anything whimsical or enviable in those rough , beaten voices .
Yet this woman , Marie-Louise Giraud , carries historical significance , both as one of the last womento be executed in France and as a symbol of the Vichy government 's hypocrisy .
While Vichy collaborated with the Germans during World War II in the deaths of thousands of Resistance fighters and Jews , its officials needed a diversionary symbolic traitor .
She became an abortionist accidentally , and continued because it enabled her to buy jam , cocoa and other war-rationed goodies .
Her remorse was shallow and brief .
Although she was kind and playful to her children , she was dreadful to her war-damaged husband ; she openly brought her lover into their home .
As presented by Mr. Chabrol , and played with thin-lipped intensity by Isabelle Huppert , Marie-Louise -LRB- called Marie Latour in the film -RRB- was not a nice person .
Most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people either fighting or eating and drinking to celebrate victory .
I mention the picture only because many bad movies have a bright spot , and this one has Gregory Peck , in a marvelously loose and energetic portrayal of an old man who wants to die the wayhe wants to die .
The discussions are still in preliminary stages , and the specific details have n't been worked out between the Seattle aerospace company and Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. , Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. and Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd .
Japanese press reports have speculated that the Japanese contribution could rise to between 20 % and 25 % under the new program .
 Now , '' says Joseph Napolitan , a pioneer in political television ,  the idea is to attack first , last and always . ''
A trend that started with the first stirrings of politics , accelerated with the dawn of the television age and became a sometimes-tawdry art form in 1988 , has reached an entirely new stage .
 To get people 's attention these days , '' says Douglas Bailey , a political consultant ,  your TV ad needs to be bold and entertaining , and , more often than not , that means confrontational .
Take a look , then , at the main attack commercials that set the tone for Tuesday 's elections in New York City , New Jersey and Virginia :
And then this television commercial , paid for by Republican Rudolph Giuliani 's campaign and produced by Roger Ailes , the master of negative TV ads , really gets down to business .
Mr. Dinkins , the ad charges, also failed to report his campaign contributions accurately , hid his links to a failing insurance company and paid a convicted kidnapper  through a phony organization with no members , no receipts and no office . ''
Stung by the Giuliani ads , Mr. Dinkins 's TV consultants , Robert Shrum and David Doak , finally unleashed a negative ad of their own .
It 's a classic situation of ads that are true but not always fully accurate .
Mr. Dinkins did fail to file his income taxes for four years , but he insistshe voluntarily admitted the  oversight '' when he was being considered for a city job .
He was on the board of an insurance company with financial problems , but he insistshe made no secret of it .
But , sayMr. Dinkins 's managers , he did have an office and his organization did have members .
They knowhe is generally opposed to cop-killer bullets , but that he had some reservations about the language in the legislation . ''
Against a shot of Monticello superimposed on an American flag , an announcer talks about the  strong tradition of freedom and individual liberty '' that Virginians have nurtured for generations .
Then , just as an image of the statue of Thomas Jefferson dissolves from the screen , the announcer continues :  On the issue of abortion , Marshall Coleman wants to take away your right to choose and give it to the politicians . ''
That commercial -- which saidMr. Coleman wanted to take away the right of abortion  even in cases of rape and incest , '' a chargeMr. Coleman denies -- changed the dynamics of the campaign , transforming it , at least in part , into a referendum on abortion .
The ad prompted Mr. Coleman , the former Virginia attorney general , to launch a series of advertisements created by Bob Goodman and designed to shake Mr. Wilder 's support among the very women who were attracted by the abortion ad .
The Coleman counterattack featured a close-up of a young woman in shadows and the ad suggested that she was recalling an unpleasant courtroom ordeal .
Then an announcer interjects :  It was Douglas Wilder who introduced a billto force rape victims age 13 and younger to be interrogated about their private lives by lawyers for accused rapists .
Mr. Wilder did introduce such legislation 17 years ago , but he did so at the request of a constituent , a common legislative technique used by lawmakers .
The legislation itself noted that it was introduced  by request , '' and in 1983 Mr. Wilder introduced a billto protect rape victims from unfounded interrogation .
 People have grown tired of these ads and Coleman has gotten the stigma of being a negative campaigner , '' says Mark Rozell , a political scientist at Mary Washington College .
 Wilder has managed to get across the idea that Coleman will say anything to get elected governor and -- more important -- has been able to put the onus for all the negative campaigning on Coleman . ''
Mr. Coleman said this week that he would devote the remainder of the political season to positive campaigning , but the truce lasted only hours .
The attacks began when Democratic Rep. James Florio aired an ad featuring a drawing of Pinocchio and a photograph of Mr. Florio 's rival , Republican Rep. Jim Courter .
And then this commercial , produced by Bob Squier , gets down to its own mean and dirty business .
Pictures of rusted oil drums swim into focus , and the female voice purrs ,  That hazardous waste on his -LCB- Mr. Courter 's -RCB- property -- the neighbors are suing for consumer fraud . ''
The only fraud involved , cry Mr. Courter 's partisans , is the Florio commercial itself , and so the Courter campaign has responded with its own Pinocchio commercial , produced by Mr. Ailes .
 Florio 's lying , '' the voice goes on , because  the barrel on Courter 's land ... contained heating oil , was cleaned up and caused no pollution . ''
Stephen Salmore , a political scientist at New Jersey 's Eagleton Institute , saysit 's another example of an ad that 's true but not fully accurate .
Barrels were dumped on the Courter property , a complaint was made , but there is no evidencethe barrels were a serious threat to the environment .
Seats currently are quoted at $ 331,000 , bid , and $ 350,000 , asked .
Interviews with analysts and business people in the U.S. suggest that Japanese capital may produce the economic cooperation that Southeast Asian politicians have pursued in fits and starts for decades .
But Japan 's power in the region also is sparking fears of domination and posing fresh policy questions .
Japan 's commitment in Southeast Asia also includes steep increases in foreign assistance and trade .
Asia 's other cash-rich countries are following Japan 's lead and pumping capital into the region .
In Taiwan and South Korea , rising wages are forcing manufacturers to seek other overseas sites for labor-intensive production .
These nations , known as Asia 's  little tigers , '' also are contributing to Southeast Asia 's integration , but their influence will remain subordinate to Japan 's .
For recipient countries such as Thailand and Malaysia , the investment will provide needed jobs and spur growth .
In the 1990s , spurred by rising labor costs and the strong yen , these companies will increasingly turn themselves into multinationals with plants around the world .
These nations ' internal decisions  will be made in a waynot to offend their largest aid donor , largest private investor and largest lender , '' saysRichard Drobnick , director of the international business and research program at the University of Southern California 's Graduate School of Business .
Rather , Japanese investment will spur integration of certain sectors , saysKent Calder , a specialist in East Asian economies at the Woodrow Wilson School for Public and Internatonal Affairs at Princeton University .
In electronics , for example , a Japanese company might make television picture tubes in Japan , assemble the sets in Malaysia and export them to Indonesia .
 The effect will be to pull Asia together not as a common market but as an integrated production zone , '' saysGoldman Sachs 's Mr. Hormats .
Countries in the region also are beginning to consider a framework for closer economic and political ties .
The economic and foreign ministers of 12 Asian and Pacific nations will meet in Australia next week to discuss global trade issues as well as regional matters such as transportation and telecommunications .
Participants will include the U.S. , Australia , Canada , Japan , South Korea and New Zealand as well as the six members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -- Thailand , Malaysia , Singapore , Indonesia , the Philippines and Brunei .
Japan not only outstrips the U.S. in investment flows but also outranks it in trade with most Southeast Asian countries -LRB- although the U.S. remains the leading trade partner for all of Asia -RRB- .
The issue is further complicated by uncertainty over the future of the U.S. 's leases on military bases in the Philippines and by a possible U.S. troop reduction in South Korea .
 No one wants the U.S. to pick up its marbles and go home , '' Mr. Hormats says .
For their part , Taiwan and South Korea are expected to step up their own investments in the next decade to try to slow the Japanese juggernaut .
 They do n't want Japan to monopolize the region and sew it up , '' says Chong-sik Lee , professor of East Asian politics at the University of Pennsylvania .
She had seen cheating before , but these notes were uncanny .
 A stockbroker is an example of a profession in trade and finance ... .
The Senate-House conference committee is used when a bill is passed by the House and Senate in different forms . ''
Virtually word for word , the notes matched questions and answers on the social-studies section of the testthe student was taking .
The student surrendered the notes , but not without a protest .
The teacher in question was Nancy Yeargin -- considered by many students and parents to be one of the best at the school .
Confronted , Mrs. Yeargin admittedshe had given the questions and answers two days before the examination to two low-ability geography classes .
She had gone so far as to display the questions on an overhead projector and underline the answers .
Mrs. Yeargin was fired and prosecuted under an unusual South Carolina law that makes it a crime to breach test security .
In September , she pleaded guilty and paid a $ 500 fine .
She was an unstinting teacher who won laurels and inspired students , but she will probably never teach again .
In her wake she left the bitterness and anger of a principal who was her friend and now calls her a betrayer ; of colleagues who sayshe brought them shame ; of students and parents who defended her and insistshe was treated harshly ; and of school-district officials stunned that despite the bald-faced nature of her actions , she became something of a local martyr .
Mrs. Yeargin 's case also casts some light on the dark side of school reform , where pressures on teachers are growing and where high-stakes testing has enhanced the temptation to cheat .
 There is incredible pressure on school systems and teachers to raise test scores , '' says Walt Haney , an education professor and testing specialist at Boston College .
These materials , including Macmillan\/McGraw-Hill School Publishing Co. 's Scoring High and Learning Materials -- are nothing short of sophisticated crib sheets , according to some recent academic research .
By using them , teachers -- with administrative blessing -- telegraph to students beforehand the precise areas on which a test will concentrate , and sometimes give away a few exact questions and answers .
Use of Scoring High is widespread in South Carolina and common in Greenville County , Mrs. Yeargin 's school district .
Under the state 's Education Improvement Act , low test scores can block students ' promotions or force entire districts into wrenching , state-supervised  interventions '' that can mean firings .
High test scores , on the other hand , bring recognition and extra money -- a new computer lab for a school , grants for special projects , a bonus for the superintendent .
Saysthe organization 's founder , John Cannell , prosecuting Mrs. Yeargin is  a way foradministrators to protect themselves and look like they take cheating seriously , when in fact they do n't take it seriously at all . ''
Paul Sandifer , director of testing for the South Carolina department of education , saysMr. Cannell 's allegations of cheating  are purely without foundation , '' and based on unfair inferences .
Standing on a shaded hill in a run-down area of this old textile city , the school has educated many of South Carolina 's best and brightest , including the state 's last two governors , Nobel Prize winning physicist Charles Townes and actress Joanne Woodward .
 It was full of violence and gangs and kids cutting class , '' says Linda Ward , the school 's principal .
 Crime was awful , test scores were low , and there was no enrollment in honors programs . ''
Academically , Mrs. Ward says, the school was having trouble serving in harmony its two disparate , and evenly split , student groups : a privileged white elite from old monied neighborhoods and blacks , many of them poor , from run-down , inner city neighborhoods .
Mrs. Ward resolved to clean out  deadwood '' in the school 's faculty and restore safety , and she also had some new factors working in her behalf .
One was statewide school reform , which raised overall educational funding and ushered in a new public spirit for school betterment .
Another was Nancy Yeargin , who came to Greenville in 1985 , full of the energy and ambitions that reformers wanted to reward .
I even dreamt about school and new thingsto do with my students . ''
While Mrs. Ward fired and restructured staff and struggled to improve curriculum , Mrs. Yeargin worked 14-hour days and fast became a student favorite .
In 1986-87 and 1987-88 , she applied for and won bonus pay under the reform law .
She won grant money for the school , advised cheerleaders , ran the pep club , proposed and taught a new  Cultural Literacy '' class in Western Civilization and was chosen by the school PTA as  Teacher of the Year . ''
She says that because of Mrs. Yeargin she gave up ambitions in architecture and is studying to become a teacher .
In the classroom , students say, Mrs. Yeargin distinguished herself by varying teaching approaches -- forcing kids to pair up to complete classroom work or using college-bowl type competitions .
On weekends , she came to work to prepare study plans or sometimes , even to polish the furniture in her classroom .
Some fellow teachers , however , viewed Mrs. Yeargin as cocky and too yielding to students .
Huge gains by her students in 1987 and 1988 meant a total of $ 5,000 in bonuses over two years -- a meaningful addition to her annual salary of $ 23,000 .
But others at Greenville High sayshe was eager to win -- if not for money , then for pride and recognition .
When test booklets were passed out 48 hours ahead of time , she saysshe copied questions in the social studies section and gave the answers to students .
Mrs. Yeargin admitsshe made a big mistake but insistsher motives were correct .
 A whole day goes by and no one even knowsthey 're alive .
School officials and prosecutors sayMrs. Yeargin is lying .
She saysshe offered Mrs. Yeargin a quiet resignation and thoughtshe could help save her teaching certificate .
To the astonishment and dismay of her superiors and legal authorities -- and perhaps as a measure of the unpopularity of standardized tests -- Mrs . Yeargin won widespread local support .
The school-board hearing at which she was dismissed was crowded with students , teachers and parents who came to testify on her behalf .
 The message to the board of education out of all this iswe 've got to take a serious look at how we 're doing our curriculum and our testing policies in this state , '' said the talk-show host .
Editorials in the Greenville newspaper allowed that Mrs. Yeargin was wrong , but also saidthe case showed how testing was being overused .
Partly because of the show , Mr. Watson says, the district decided not to recommend Mrs. Yeargin for a first-time offenders program that could have expunged the charges and the conviction from her record .
 We work damn hard at what we do for damn little pay , and what she did cast unfair aspersions on all of us . ''
But several teachers also saythe incident casts doubt on the wisdom of evaluating teachers or schools by using standardized test scores .
Mrs. Yeargin saysshe pleaded guilty because she realizedit would no longer be possible to win reinstatement , and because she was afraid of further charges .
These days , students can often find the answer in test-coaching workbooks and worksheetstheir teachers give them in the weeks prior to taking standardized achievement tests .
It also asks them to add two-sevenths and three-sevenths .
In many other instances , there is almost no difference between the real test and Learning Materials .
What 's more , the test and Learning Materials are both produced by the same company , Macmillan\/McGraw-Hill , a joint venture of McGraw-Hill Inc. and Macmillan 's parent , Britain 's Maxwell Communication Corp .
Close parallels between tests and practice tests are common , some educators and researchers say.
Test-preparation booklets , software and worksheets are a booming publishing subindustry .
 If I took -LCB- these preparation booklets -RCB- into my classroom , I 'd have a hard time justifying to my students and parents that it was n't cheating , '' says John Kaminski , a Traverse City , Mich. , teacher who has studied test coaching .
He and other critics saysuch coaching aids can defeat the purpose of standardized tests , which is to gauge learning progress .
 It 's as if France decided to give only French history questions to students in a European history class , and when everybody aces the test , they saytheir kids are good in European history , '' says John Cannell , an Albuquerque , N.M. , psychiatrist and founder of an educational research organization , Friends for Education , which has studied standardized testing .
The most widely used of these tests are Macmillan\/McGraw 's CAT and Comprehensive Test of Basic Skills ; the Iowa Test of Basic Skills , by Houghton Mifflin Co. ; and Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Inc. 's Metropolitan Achievement Test and Stanford Achievement Test .
Sales figures of the test-prep materials are n't known , but their reach into schools is significant .
In Arizona , California , Florida , Louisiana , Maryland , New Jersey , South Carolina and Texas , educators saythey are common classroom tools .
Scoring High and Learning Materials are the best-selling preparation tests .
Mr. Kaminski , the schoolteacher , and William Mehrens , a Michigan State University education professor , concluded in a study last June that CAT test versions of Scoring High and Learning Materials should n't be used in the classroom because of their similarity to the actual test .
Because many of these subskills -- the symmetry of geometrical figures , metric measurement of volume , or pie and bar graphs , for example -- are only a small part of the total fifth-grade curriculum , Mr. Kaminski says, the preparation kits would n't replicate too many , if their real intent was general instruction or even general familiarization with test procedures .
Learning Materials for the fifth-grade contains at least a dozen examples of exact matches or close parallels to test items .
Rick Brownell , senior editor of Scoring High , says that Messrs. Kaminski and Mehrens are ignoring  the needstudents have for becoming familiar with tests and testing format . ''
He saidauthors of Scoring High  scrupulously avoid '' replicating exact questions , but he does n't deny that some items are similar .
In a 1985 advisory to educators , McGraw-Hill saidScoring High should n't be used because it represented a  parallel form '' of the CAT and CTBS tests .
Messrs. Brownell and Kean saythey are unaware of any efforts by McGraw-Hill to modify or discontinue Scoring High .
Alleghany Corp. saidit completed the acquisition of Sacramento Savings & Loan Association from the H.N. & Frances C. Berger Foundation for $ 150 million .
New York-based Alleghany is an insurance and financial services concern .
The Department of Health and Human Services plans to extend its moratorium on federal funding of research involving fetal-tissue transplants .
Medical researchers believethe transplantation of small amounts of fetal tissue into humans could help treat juvenile diabetes and such degenerative diseases as Alzheimer 's , Parkinson 's and Huntington 's .
He saidthe ban wo n't stop privately funded tissue-transplant research or federally funded fetal-tissue research that does n't involve transplants .
Both Dr. Mason and Dr. Sullivan oppose federal funding for abortion , as does President Bush , except in cases where a woman 's life is threatened .
The department placed a moratorium on the research , pending a review of scientific , legal and ethical issues .
A majority of an NIH-appointed panel recommended late last year that the research continue under carefully controlled conditions , but the issue became embroiled in politics as anti-abortion groups continued to oppose federal funding .
The dispute has hampered the administration 's efforts to recruit prominent doctorsto fill prestigious posts at the helm of the NIH and the Centers for Disease Control .
Several candidates have withdrawn their names from consideration after administration officials asked them for their views on abortion and fetal-tissue transplants .
Dr. Novello is deputy director of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development .
Earlier this week , Dr. Sullivan tried to defuse these charges by stressing that candidatesto head the NIH and the CDC will be judged by  standards of scientific and administrative excellence , '' not politics .
 The unavailability of federal funds , and the climate in which the decision was made , certainly do n't provide any incentive for one of the more visible foundations to provide support , '' he said .
 Such research may ultimately result in the ability to regenerate damaged tissues or to turn off genes that cause cancer '' or to regulate genes that cause Down 's syndrome , the leading cause of mental retardation , according to an NIH summary .
Rekindled hope that two New England states will allow broader interstate banking boosted Nasdaq 's bank stocks , but the over-the-counter market was up only slightly in lackluster trading .
The bank stocks got a boost when Connecticut Bank & Trust and Bank of New England saidthey no longer oppose pending legislation that would permit banks from other regions to merge with Connecticut and Massachusetts banks .
First Constitution has signed a merger agreement with WFRR L.P. and GHKM Corp. , under which all of its common shares will be acquired for $ 25 each , or $ 273.5 million .
Valley Federal Savings & Loan , a California thrift issue , gained 1 to 4 1\/4 after reporting a third-quarter loss of $ 70.7 million after an $ 89.9 million pretax charge mostly related to its mobile home financing unit .
Dan E. Nelms , Valley Federal 's president and chief executive officer , saidthe one-time charge substantially eliminates future losses associated with the unit .
He also said that after the charges , and  assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates , the company expects to achieve near-record earnings in 1990 . ''
Weisfield 's surged 6 3\/4 to 55 1\/2 and Ratners Group 's American depositary receipts , or ADRs , gained 5\/8 to 12 1\/4 .
Giant Group is led by three Rally 's directors , Burt Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and William E. Trotter II , who earlier this month indicatedthey had a 42.5 % stake in Rally 's and planned to seek a majority of seats on Rally 's nine-member board .
In the year-earlier period , SCI had net income of $ 4.8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 225.6 million .
The IRS warnings stem from a 1984 law that requires anyone who receives more than $ 10,000 in cash from a client or customer in one or more related transactions  in the course of trade or business '' to report the payment on a document known as Form 8300 .
The form asks for such details as the client 's name , Social Security number , passport number and details about the services provided for the payment .
 The IRS is asking lawyers to red-flag a criminal problem to the government , '' added Mr. Sonnett , a Miami lawyer who has heard from dozens of attorneys who received letters in recent days and has himself received the computer-generated IRS forms sent by certified mail .
Filling out detailed forms about these individuals would tip the IRS off and spark action against the clients , he said.
Michael Ross , a New York lawyer who heads the ABA 's grand jury committee , said that lawyers are prohibited by the ABA 's code of ethics from disclosing information about a client except where a court orders it or to prevent the client from committing a criminal act that could result in death .
Mr. Ross saidhe met with officials of the IRS and the Justice Department , which would bring any enforcement actions against taxpayers , to discuss the issue last May .
At that meeting , he said, the Justice Department assured him that enforcement procedures would n't be threatened against attorneys without further review and advance notice .
A spokesman for the IRS confirmed that  there has been correspondence mailed about incomplete 8300s , '' but he declined to say why the letters were sent to lawyers now .
Prosecutors need court permission to obtain the tax returns of an individual or a business .
But they have obtained 8300 forms without court permission and used the information to help develop criminal cases .
Often , judges ease into more lucrative private practice with little fanfare , but not federal Judge Raul A. Ramirez in Sacramento , Calif .
 A couple of my law clerks were going to pass me in three or four years , and I was afraidI was going to have to ask them for a loan , '' the judge quipped in an interview .
You look around at professional ballplayers or accountants ... and nobody blinks an eye .
At his new job , as partner in charge of federal litigation in the Sacramento office of Orrick , Herrington & Sutcliffe , he will make out much better .
The judge declined to discuss his salary in detail , but said :  I 'm going to be a high-priced lawyer . ''
Cartoonist Garry Trudeau is suing the Writers Guild of America East for $ 11 million , allegingit mounted a  campaign to harass and punish '' him for crossing a screenwriters ' picket line .
The guild began a strike against the TV and movie industry in March 1988 .
In his lawsuit , Mr. Trudeau saysthe strike illegally included Darkhorse , and the cartoonist refused to honor the strike against the company .
He saiddisciplinary proceedings are confidential and declined to comment on whether any are being held against Mr. Trudeau .
Mr. Samnick , who will go before the disciplinary panel , saidthe proceedings are unfair and that any punishment from the guild would be unjustified .
In addition to the damages , the suit seeks a court order preventing the guild from punishing or retaliating against Mr. Trudeau .
A Department of Health and Human Services rule adopted in 1988 prohibits the use of so-called Title X funds for programs that assist a woman in obtaining an abortion , such as abortion counseling and referrals .
The rule also prohibits funding for activities that  encourage , promote or advocate abortion . ''
The panel ruled that the restrictions do n't violate the freedom of speech of health care providers and that the limits on counseling services do n't violate the rights of pregnant women .
The judge was quoted as referring to the victims as  queers '' and sayingthey would n't have been killed  if they had n't been cruising the streets picking up teenage boys . ''
Observing that the judge  has never exhibited any bias or prejudice , '' Mr. Murray concluded that he  would be impartial in any case involving a homosexual or prostitute '' as a victim .
Mr. Murray also saidJudge Hampton 's comments did n't discredit the judiciary or the administration of justice .
In an eight-count indictment , the government has charged GAF , a Wayne , N.J. , specialty chemical maker , and its Vice Chairman James T. Sherwin with attempting to manipulate the common stock of Union Carbide Corp. in advance of GAF 's planned sale of a large block of the stock in November 1986 .
A former member of the prosecution team in the Iran\/Contra affair joined the Chicago firm of Mayer , Brown & Platt .
Mr. Bromwich , 35 , also has served as deputy chief and chief of the narcotics unit for the U.S. attorney 's office for the Southern District of New York , based in Manhattan .
Cooper Tire & Rubber Co. saidit has reached an agreement in principle to buy buildings and related property in Albany , Ga. , from Bridgestone\/Firestone Inc .
The tire maker saidthe buildings consist of 1.8 million square feet of office , manufacturing and warehousing space on 353 acres of land .
Meanwhile , business and government leaders rebuked the computer makers , and fretted about the broader statementthe companies ' actions make about Japanese cutthroat pricing .
The company also disclosed that during that period it offered 10,000 yen , or about $ 70 , for another contract .
In both cases , NEC lost the contract to Fujitsu , which made the same bid and won a tie-breaking lottery .
All the contracts were for computer-system-design contracts and involved no hardware or software .
The Ministry of International Trade and Industry summoned executives from the companies to  make surethey understood '' the concern about such practices , according to a government spokesman .
 These cases lead to the loss of the firms ' social and international credibility , '' a ministry statement said .
But the growing controversy comes as many practices historically accepted as normal here -- such as politicians accepting substantial gifts from businessmen or having extramarital affairs -- are coming under close ethical scrutiny .
The U.S. government in recent years has accused Japanese companies of excessively slashing prices on semiconductors and supercomputers -- productsFujitsu and NEC make .
The city had expected to pay about 11 million yen -LRB- $ 77,000 -RRB- , but Fujitsu essentially offered to do it for free .
It also said that in July , it bid 10,000 yen to design a system for the Saitama prefectural library , and two years ago , it bid one yen to plan the telecommunications system for Wakayama prefecture .
The company saidit has offered to withdraw its bids in Hiroshima and Nagano .
Fujitsu and NEC saidthey were still investigating , and that knowledge of more such bids could emerge .
Mr. Yamamoto insisted that headquarters had n't approved the bids , and that he did n't know about most of the cases until Wednesday .
 Profit may be low , but at least costs should be covered .
Backe Group Inc. agreed to acquire Atlantic Publications Inc. , which has 30 community papers and annual sales of $ 7 million .
Price Communications Corp. completed the sale of four of its TV stations to NTG Inc. for $ 120 million in cash and notes , retaining a 10 % equity stake in the new concern .
NTG was formed by Osborn Communications Corp. and Desai Capital .
Michaels Stores Inc. , which owns and operates a chain of specialty retail stores , saidOctober sales rose 14.6 % to $ 32.8 million from $ 28.6 million a year earlier .
Furukawa Co. of Japan saidit will acquire two construction machinery plants and a sales unit in France formerly belonging to Dresser Industries Inc. of the U.S. .
Furukawa saidthe purchase of the French and German plants together will total about 40 billion yen -LRB- $ 280 million -RRB- .
a - Average rate paid yesterday by 100 large banks and thrifts in the 10 largest metropolitan areas as compiled by Bank Rate Monitor .
In September , the custom-chip maker saidexcess capacity and lagging billings would result in an estimated $ 2 million to $ 3 million net loss for the third quarter .
But company officials said yesterday that they decided to take a $ 43 million pretax charge for the period to cover a restructuring of world-wide manufacturing operations , citing extended weakness in the market as well as a decision to switch to more economical production techniques .
 Over the summer months , there has been a slowing in the rate of new orders from the computer sector , our primary market , '' said Wilfred J. Corrigan , chairman and chief executive officer .
As a result , the company saidit decided to phase out its oldest capacity and  make appropriate reductions '' in operating expenses .
Not counting the extraordinary charge , the company saidit would have had a net loss of $ 3.1 million , or seven cents a share .
A year earlier , it had profit of $ 7.5 million , or 18 cents a share .
Related to that decision , the company saidit was converting its Santa Clara , Calif. , factory to a research and development facility .
 This is a company that has invested in capacity additions more aggressively than any other company in the industry and now the industry is growing more slowly and they are suddenly poorly positioned , '' said Michael Stark , chip analyst at Robertson , Stephens & Co .
William G. Kuhns , former chairman and chief executive officer of General Public Utilities Corp. , was elected a director of this maker of industrial and construction equipment , increasing board membership to 10 .
While market sentiment remains cautiously bearish on the dollar based on sluggish U.S. economic indicators , dealers note that Japanese demand has helped underpin the dollar against the yen and has kept the U.S. currency from plunging below key levels against the mark .
Jay Goldinger , with Capital Insight Inc. , reasons that while the mark has posted significant gains against the yen as well -- the mark climbed to 77.70 yen from 77.56 yen late Tuesday in New York -- the strength of the U.S. bond market compared to its foreign counterparts has helped lure investors to dollar-denominated bonds , rather than mark bonds .
 Dollar-yen -LCB- trade -RCB- is the driving force in the market , '' said Tom Trettien , a vice president with Banque Paribas in New York ,  but I 'm not convincedit will continue .
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8500 marks , up from 1.8415 marks late Tuesday , and at 143.80 yen , up from 142.85 yen late Tuesday .
Douglas Madison , a corporate trader with Bank of America in Los Angeles , traced the dollar 's recent solid performance against the yen to purchases of securities by Japanese insurance companies and trust banks and the sense that another wave of investment is waiting in the wings .
He cites the recent deal between the Mitsubishi Estate Co. and the Rockefeller Group , as well as the possible white knight role of an undisclosed Japanese company in the Georgia-Pacific Corp. takeover bid for Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. as evidence .
They point out that these institutions want to lock in returns on high-yield U.S. Treasury debt and suggestdemand for the U.S. unit will continue unabated until rates in the U.S. recede .
The market again showed little interest in further evidence of a slowing U.S. economy , and traders note that the market in recent weeks has taken its cues more from Wall Street than U.S. economic indicators .
The managers ' index , which measures the health of the manufacturing sector , stood at 47.6 % in October , above September 's 46 % , and also above average forecasts for the index of 45.3 % .
Some dealers saidthe dollar was pressured slightly because a number of market participants had boosted their expectations in the past day and were looking for an index above 50 , which indicates an expanding manufacturing economy .
 The Cosby Show '' may have single-handedly turned around ratings at NBC since its debut in 1984 , and the Huxtable family still keeps millions of viewers laughing Thursday night on the network .
The reruns have helped ratings at many of the 187 network affiliates and independent TV stations that air the shows .
But the ratings are considerably below expectations , and some stations saythey may not buy new episodes when their current contracts expire .
Meanwhile , stations are fuming because , many of them say, the show 's distributor , Viacom Inc. , is giving an ultimatum : Either sign new long-term commitments to buy future episodes or risk losing  Cosby '' to a competitor .
And executives at stations in such major markets as Washington ; Providence , R.I. ; Cleveland ; Raleigh , N.C. ; Minneapolis , and Louisville , Ky. , saythey may very well not renew  Cosby . ''
Neil Kuvin , the general manager of WHAS , the CBS affiliate in Louisville , says Cosby '' gets the station 's highest ratings andhe 's  pleased . ''
But he adds ,  I feel pressured , disappointed , uncomfortable and , frankly , quite angry with Viacom .
In this era of frantic competition for ad dollars , a lot of revenue-desperate magazines are getting pretty cozy with advertisers -- fawning over them in articles and offering pages of advertorial space .
The magazine combines how-to pieces on topics like backyard composting , explanatory essays on such things as what happens after you flush your toilet , and hard-hitting pieces on alleged environmental offenders .
Garbage editors have dumped considerable energy into a whirling rampage through supermarket aisles in a bid to identify corporate America 's good guys and bad boys .
With only two issues under its belt , Garbage has alienated some would-be advertisers and raised the ire of others .
The magazine 's editors ran a giant diagram of the product with arrows pointing to the packaging 's polystyrene foam , polyproplene and polyester film -- all plastic itemsthey sayare non-biodegradable .
 I think that this magazine is not only called Garbage , but it is practicing journalistic garbage , '' fumes a spokesman for Campbell Soup .
 You really need the Campbell Soups of the world to be interested in your magazine if you 're going to make a run of it , '' says Mike White , senior vice president and media director at DDB Needham , Chicago .
The first two issues featured ads from only a handful of big advertisers , including General Electric and Adolph Coors , but the majority were from companies like Waste Management Inc. and Bumkins International , firms that do n't spend much money advertising and ca n't be relied on to support a magazine over the long haul .
A Waste Management spokeswoman saysits ad in the premiere issue was a one-time purchase , andit does n't have any plans to advertise in future issues .
But Ms. Poore , the magazine 's editor and publisher , contendsGarbage can survive , at least initially , on subscription revenues .
Individual copies of the magazine sell for $ 2.95 and yearly subscriptions cost $ 21 .
According to Ms. Poore , Old-House Journal Corp. , her publishing company , printed and sold all 126,000 copies of the premiere issue .
The first and second issues sold out on newsstands , she says, and the magazine has orders for 93,000 subscriptions .
Asked whether potential advertisers will be scared away by the magazine 's direct policy , Ms. Poore replies :  I do n't know and I do n't care .
I 'm not sayingadvertising revenue is n't important , '' she says,  but I could n't sleep at night '' if the magazine bowed to a company because they once took out an ad .
It saidthe programs , largely game shows , will be provided by its E.C. Television unit along with Fremantle International , a producer and distributor of game shows of which it recently bought 49 % .
Interpublic is providing the programming in return for advertising time , which it saidwill be valued at more than $ 75 million in 1990 and $ 150 million in 1991 .
CoreStates Financial Corp. , Philadelphia , named Earle Palmer Brown & Spiro , Philadelphia , as agency of record for its $ 5 million account .
American Telephone & Telegraph 's General Business Systems division , New York , awarded the ad account for its Fax product line to Ogilvy & Mather , New York , a WPP Group agency .
Billings were n't disclosed for the small account , which had been serviced at Young & Rubicam , New York .
Developed by Avrett , Free & Ginsberg , New York , the $ 6 million campaign pitches Enterprise 's consumer-driven service and its free pick-up and drop-off service .
Young & Rubicam saidit completed its acquisition of Landor Associates , a San Francisco identity-management firm .
Ketchum Communications , Pittsburgh , acquired Braun & Co. , a Los Angeles investor-relations and marketing-communications firm .
Sea Containers , a Hamilton , Bermuda-based shipping concern , said Tuesday that it would sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 apiece .
The move is designed to ward off a hostile takeover attempt by two European shipping concerns , Stena Holding AG and Tiphook PLC .
In May , the two companies , through their jointly owned holding company , Temple , offered $ 50 a share , or $ 777 million , for Sea Containers .
In August , Temple sweetened the offer to $ 63 a share , or $ 963 million .
Temple , however , harshly criticized Sea Containers ' plan yesterday , characterizing it as a  highly conditional device designed to entrench management , confuse shareholders and prevent them from accepting our superior cash offer . ''
The lower figures , the spokesman said, would stem from preferred shares being converted to common stock and the possibility that Sea Containers ' subsidiaries might be required to place their shares in the open market .
Temple added that Sea Containers is still mired in legal problems in Bermuda , where the Supreme Court has temporarily barred Sea Containers from buying back its own stock in a case brought by Stena and Tiphook .
Temple also saidSea Containers ' plan raises  numerous legal , regulatory , financial and fairness issues , '' but did n't elaborate .
The Transportation Department , responding to pressure from safety advocates , took further stepsto impose on light trucks and vans the safety requirements used for automobiles .
The department proposed requiring stronger roofs for light trucks and minivans , beginning with 1992 models .
It also issued a final rule requiring auto makers to equip light trucks and minivans with lap-shoulder belts for rear seats beginning in the 1992 model year .
 Today 's action , '' Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner said ,  represents another milestone in the ongoing programto promote vehicle occupant safety in light trucks and minivans through its extension of passenger car standards . ''
In September , the department had saidit will require trucks and minivans to be equipped with the same front-seat headrests that have long been required on passenger cars .
The Big Three auto makers saidthe rule changes were n't surprising because Bush administration officials have long saidthey planned to impose car safety standards on light trucks and vans .
Safety advocates , including some members of Congress , have been urging the department for years to extend car-safety requirements to light trucks and vans , which now account for almost one-third of all vehicle sales in the U.S. .
They say that many vehicles classed as commercial light trucks actually carry more people than cargo and therefore should have the same safety features as cars .
Sen. Danforth and others also want the department to require additional safety equipment in light trucks and minivans , including air bags or automatic seat belts in front seats and improved side-crash protection .
In Detroit , a Chrysler Corp. official saidthe company currently has no rear-seat lap and shoulder belts in its light trucks , but plans to begin phasing them in by the end of the 1990 model year .
Chrysler saidits trucks and vans already meet the roof-crush resistance standard for cars .
Bank of New England Corp. saidit has held talks with potential merger partners outside New England , although it added that nothing is imminent and it has n't received any formal offers .
The discussions were disclosed as the bank holding company said that it has dropped its longstanding opposition to full interstate banking bills in Connecticut and in Massachusetts .
Currently , both Massachusetts and Connecticut , where most of Bank of New England 's operations are , allow interstate banking only within New England .
We have , and I 'm sureothers have , considered what our options are , and we 've had conversations with people who in the future might prove to be interesting partners . ''
Mr. Driscoll did n't elaborate about who the potential partners were or when the talks were held .
A bank spokeswoman also declined to comment on any merger-related matters , but saidthe company decided to drop its opposition to the interstate banking legislation because  prevailing sentiment is in favor of passage . ''
Bank of New England has been hit hard by the region 's real-estate slump , with its net income declining 42 % to $ 121.6 million , or 61 cents a share , in the first nine months of 1989 from the year-earlier period .
The company recently saidit would sell some operations and lay off 4 % of its work force , altogether reducing employment to less than 16,000 from about 18,000 .
The Kearny , N.J.-based maker of hair accessories and other cosmetic products saidit cut the dividend due to its third-quarter loss of $ 992,000 , or 15 cents a share .
In the year-ago quarter , the company reported net income of $ 1.9 million , or 29 cents a share .
Michael Henderson , 51-year-old group chief executive of this U.K. metals and industrial materials maker , will become chairman in May , succeeding Ian Butler , 64 , who is retiring .
Giant Group is led by three Rally 's directors , Burt Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and William E. Trotter II , who last month indicatedthey hold a 42.5 % stake in Rally 's and plan to seek a majority of seats on Rally 's nine-member board .
When Warren Winiarski , proprietor of Stag 's Leap Wine Cellars in Napa Valley , announced a $ 75 price tag for his 1985 Cask 23 Cabernet this fall , few wine shops and restaurants around the country balked .
 This is the peak of my wine-making experience , '' Mr. Winiarski declared when he introduced the wine at a dinner in New York ,  and I wanted to single it out as such . ''
It is in my estimation the best wineStag 's Leap has produced , and with fewer than 700 cases available , it is sure to sell quickly .
The price is a new high for California Cabernet Sauvignon , but it is not the highest .
One of the fastest growing segments of the wine market is the category of superpremiums -- wines limited in production , of exceptional quality -LRB- or so perceived , at any rate -RRB- , and with exceedingly high prices .
For years , this group included a stable of classics -- Bordeaux first growths -LRB- Lafite-Rothschild , Latour , Haut-Brion , Petrus -RRB- , Grand Cru Burgundies -LRB- Romanee-Conti and La Tache -RRB- deluxe Champagnes -LRB- Dom Perignon or Roederer Cristal -RRB- , rarefied sweet wines -LRB- Chateau Yquem or Trockenbeerenauslesen Rieslings from Germany , and Biondi-Santi Brunello Riserva from Tuscany -RRB- .
The classics have zoomed in price to meet the competition , and it almost seems that there 's a race on to come up with the priciest single bottle , among current releases from every major wine region on the globe .
Bordeaux 's first growths from 1985 and 1986 are $ 60 to $ 80 each -LRB- except for the smallest in terms of production , Chateau Petrus , which costs around $ 250 ! -RRB- .
Roederer Cristal at $ 90 a bottle sells out around the country and Taittinger 's Comtes de Champagne Blanc de Blancs is encroaching upon that level .
From Italy there is Angelo Gaja Barbaresco at $ 125 a bottle , Piero Antinori 's La Solaia , a $ 90 Cabernet from Tuscany , and Biondi-Santi Brunello at $ 98 .
Wine auctions have almost exhausted the limited supply of those wines , Mr. Shapiro continued : We 've seen a dramatic decrease in demand for wines from the '40s and '50s , which go for $ 300 to $ 400 a bottle .
It 's made only in years when the grapes ripen perfectly -LRB- the last was 1979 -RRB- and comes from a single acre of grapes that yielded a mere 75 cases in 1987 .
Owner Al Brownstein originally planned to sell it for $ 60 a bottle , but when a retailer in Southern California asked ,  Is that wholesale or retail ? '' he re-thought the matter .
Offering the wine at roughly $ 65 a bottle wholesale -LRB- $ 100 retail -RRB- , he sent merchants around the country a form asking them to check one of three answers : 1 -RRB- no , the wine is too high -LRB- 2 responses -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- yes , it 's high but I 'll take it -LRB- 2 responses -RRB- ; 3 -RRB- I 'll take allI can get -LRB- 58 responses -RRB- .
The wine was shipped in six-bottle cases instead of the usual 12 , but even at that it was spread thin , going to 62 retailers in 28 states .
 We thoughtit was awfully expensive , '' said Sterling Pratt , wine director at Schaefer 's in Skokie , Ill. , one of the top stores in suburban Chicago ,  but there are people out there with very different opinions of value .
We got our two six-packs -- and they 're gone . ''
 There may be sticker-shock reaction initially , '' said Mr. Pratt ,  but as the wine is talked about and starts to sell , they eventually get excited and decideit 's worth the astronomical price to add it to their collection . ''
 They like to talk about having the new Red Rock Terrace -LCB- one of Diamond Creek 's Cabernets -RCB- or the Dunn 1985 Cabernet , or the Petrus .
Producers have seen this market opening up and they 're now creating wines that appeal to these people . ''
 Or if they feelthe wine is overpriced andthey can get something equally good for less . ''
Mr. Martin has increased prices on some wines -LRB- like Grgich Hills Chardonnay , now $ 32 -RRB- just to slow down movement , but he is beginning to see some resistance to high-priced red Burgundies and Cabernets and Chardonnays in the $ 30 to $ 40 range .
Image has , of course , a great dealto do with what sells and what does n't , and it ca n't be forced .
Wine merchants ca n't keep Roederer Cristal in stock , but they have to push Salon le Mesnil , even lowering the price from $ 115 to $ 90 .
It 's hardly a question of quality -- the 1982 Salon is a beautiful wine , but , as Mr. Pratt noted, people have their own ideas about value .
In every major market in the U.S. , for instance , you can buy '86 La Tache or Richebourg , virtually all of the first growth Bordeaux -LRB- except Petrus -RRB- , as well as Opus One and Dominus from California and , at the moment , the Stag 's Leap 1985 Cask 23 .
Signs of a slowing economy are increasing pressure on the Federal Reserve to cut short-term interest rates , but it is n't clear whether the central bank will do so .
Nevertheless , both Mr. Guffey and Mr. Black saythe slowdown so far is no cause for concern .
Bush administration officials are looking to the Fed to bring down rates , and financial markets seem to be expecting easier credit as well .
 I thinkthe market had been expecting the Fed to ease sooner and a little more than it has to date , '' said Robert Johnson , vice president of global markets for Bankers Trust Co .
The Fed cut the key federal funds interest rate by about 0.25 percentage point to 8.75 % after the Oct. 13 stock market plunge , but has shown no sign of movement since .
And in the Chicago district , the report said,  a manufacturer of capital goods noted slower orders for some types , including defense equipment , petroleum equipment , food packaging machinery and material handling equipment . ''
Retail sales also were reported slow in most districts , particularly  for discretionary , big-ticket items such as furniture , home appliances and consumer electronics . ''
Several Fed governors in Washington have been pushing for easier credit ; but many of the regional Fed presidents have been resisting such a move .
Mr. Black saidhe is  pleased '' with the economy 's recent performance , and does n't see  a lot of excesses out there that would tilt us into recession . ''
 There is always a chance of recession , '' added Mr. Guffey ,  but if you ask me to put a percentage on it , I would thinkit 's well below a 50 % chance .
Integra-A Hotel & Restaurant Co. saidits planned rights offeringto raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin mailing materials to shareholders at the end of this week .
Each right entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share .
Integra , which owns and operates hotels , said that Hallwood Group Inc. has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders .
The previous contract between Copperweld 's Ohio Steel Tube division and the union expired at midnight Tuesday .
The Treasury saidit plans to sell $ 30 billion in notes and bonds next week , but saidthe auctions will be postponed unless Congress acts quickly to lift the federal debt ceiling .
Michael Basham , deputy assistant secretary for federal finance , saidthe Treasury may wait until late Monday or even early Tuesday to announce whether the autions are to be rescheduled .
 To avoid these costs , and a possible default , immediate action is imperative . ''
The securitiesto be sold next week will raise about $ 10 billion in cash and redeem $ 20 billion in maturing notes .
-- $ 10 billion of three-year notes ,to be auctioned Tuesday and to mature Nov. 15 , 1992 .
-- $ 10 billion of 10-year notes ,to be auctioned Wednesday and to mature Nov. 15 , 1999 .
-- $ 10 billion of 30-year bonds ,to be auctioned Thursday and to mature Aug. 15 , 2019 .
Auctions held in October and those scheduled for next week will raise a total of $ 25.6 billion .
The remaining $ 21.9 billion could be raised through the sale of short-term Treasury bills , two-year notes in November and five-year notes in early December , the Treasury said.
In the first three months of 1990 , the Treasury estimates that it will have to raise between $ 45 billion and $ 50 billion , assuming that it decides to aim for a $ 10 billion cash balance at the end of March .
Reames , a maker and marketer of frozen noodles and pre-cooked pasta based in Clive , Iowa , has annual sales of about $ 11 million , Lancaster said.
Bond prices and the dollar both gained modestly .
But with the end of the year in sight , money managers are eager to take profits and cut their risks of losing what for many have been exceptionally good returns in
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained about a quarter of a point , or $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 of face amount .
In late afternoon New York trading the currency was at 1.8500 marks and 143.80 yen compared with 1.8415 marks and 142.85 yen .
Mitsui Mining & Smelting Co. posted a 62 % rise in pretax profit to 5.276 billion yen -LRB- $ 36.9 million -RRB- in its fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 compared with 3.253 billion yen a year earlier .
Pacific Sierra , based in Los Angeles , has about 200 employees and supplies professional services and advanced products to industry .
Eaton is an automotive parts , controls and aerospace electronics concern .
Investor Harold Simmons and NL Industries Inc. offered to acquire Georgia Gulf Corp. for $ 50 a share , or about $ 1.1 billion , stepping up the pressure on the commodity chemicals concern .
The offer follows an earlier proposal by NL and Mr. Simmons to help Georgia Gulf restructure or go private in a transaction that would pay shareholders $ 55 a share .
Georgia Gulf rebuffed that offer in September and saidit would study other alternatives .
Late yesterday , Georgia Gulf saidit reviewed the NL proposal as well as interests from  third parties '' regarding business combinations .
Georgia Gulf saidit has n't eliminated any alternatives and that  discussions are being held with interested parties , and work is also continuing on other various transactions . ''
Analysts saw the latest offer as proof that Mr. Simmons , an aggressive and persistent investor , wo n't leave Georgia Gulf alone until some kind of transaction is completed .
 He has clamped on their ankle like a pit bull , '' says Paul Leming , a vice president with Morgan Stanley & Co .
Mr. Simmons and NL already own a 9.9 % stake in Georgia Gulf .
Georgia Gulf stock rose $ 1.75 a share yesterday to close at $ 51.25 a share , while NL shares closed unchanged at $ 22.75 and Valhi rose 62.5 cents to $ 15 , all in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
J. Landis Martin , NL president and chief executive officer , saidNL and Mr. Simmons cut the pricethey were proposing for Georgia Gulf because they initially planned a transaction that included about $ 250 million in equity and a substantial amount of high-yield subordinated debt .
Now , he said, the group plans to put in  several hundred million '' dollars in equity and finance the remainder with bank debt .
It was n't clear how NL and Mr. Simmons would respond if Georgia Gulf spurns them again .
Mr. Martin saidthey have n't yet decided what their next move would be , but he did n't rule out the possibility of a consent solicitation aimed at replacing Georgia Gulf 's board .
Although Georgia Gulf has n't been eager to negotiate with Mr. Simmons and NL , a specialty chemicals concern , the group apparently believesthe company 's management is interested in some kind of transaction .
The management group owns about 18 % of the stock , most purchased at nominal prices , and would stand to gain millions of dollars if the company were sold .
In the third quarter , Georgia Gulf earned $ 46.1 million , or $ 1.85 a share , down from $ 53 million , or $ 1.85 a share on fewer shares outstanding .
A licensing company representing the University of Pennsylvania added Johnson & Johnson to its lawsuit challenging a university faculty member over rights to Retin-A acne medicine .
University Patents Inc. , based in Westport , Conn. , saidit seeks Johnson & Johnson 's profits from sales of Retin-A , estimated at $ 50 million , a similar amount of punitive damages and the right to license Retin-A elsewhere .
In May , University Patents filed a suit in federal court in Philadelphia against Albert M. Kligman , a researcher and professor at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine who developed Retin-A in the 1960s to combat acne .
Dr. Kligman patented the medicine while employed by the University , but later licensed the Retin-A to a division of Johnson & Johnson .
In New Brunswick , N.J. , a Johnson & Johnson spokesman declined comment .
Not that Washington and Tokyo disagree on the Japanese acquisitions ; indeed , each has come out in favor of unfettered investment in the U.S. .
The Japanese  should see this rhetoric as a signal of the need for a change in their own economy , '' saysCharles Dallara , U.S. assistant Treasury secretary , who has been in Tokyo this week informally discussing the impending negotiations with government and business leaders .
 We believe that it is vitally important for those Japanese business interests -LCB- in the U.S. . -RCB- to be more aware of the emotions and concerns of the American people , '' said the spokesman , Taizo Watanabe .
Fears that Japanese investors are buying up America have escalated sharply in the past several weeks , with Sony Corp. 's purchase of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. from Coca-Cola Co. and Mitsubishi Estate Co. 's acquisition of a 51 % holding in Rockefeller Group , the owner of some of midtown Manhattan 's most exclusive real estate .
While Mr. Dallara and Japanese officials saythe question of investors ' access to the U.S. and Japanese markets may get a disproportionate share of the public 's attention , a number of other important economic issues will be on the table at next week 's talks .
Among them are differences in savings and investment rates , corporate structures and management , and government spending .
 We feel very strongly that we really need action across the full range of issueswe 've identified , and we need it by next spring , '' Mr. Dallara says .
 Just to saythe distribution system is wrong does n't mean anything , '' says a Ministry of International Trade and Industry official .
Since then , a team of about 15 MITI and U.S. Commerce Department officials have crossed the globe gauging consumer prices .
For Japan , the controversial trend improves access to American markets and technology .
But for small American companies , it also provides a growing source of capital and even marketing help .
Partly to help clear the myriad obstacles facing any overseas company trying to penetrate Japan , tiny Candela turned to Mitsui & Co. , one of Japan 's largest trading companies , for investment .
It eventually secured Ministry of Health import approval for two Candela laser products -- one that breaks up kidney stones and another that treats skin lesions .
Indeed , for many Japanese trading companies , the favorite U.S. small business is one whose research and development can be milked for future Japanese use .
The Japanese companies bankroll many small U.S. companies with promising products or ideas , frequently putting their money behind projects that commercial banks wo n't touch .
Japanese companies have financed small and medium-sized U.S. firms for years , but in recent months , the pace has taken off .
As the deals also improve Japanese access to American technology and market knowledge , they feed American anxieties in this area , too .
Last year , Mitsubishi International Corp. , the New York-based arm of Mitsubishi Corp. , bought controlling interest in the glass company in a joint venture with Ronald Bodner , a glass industry executive and Mitsubishi consultant .
Trading companies such as Mitsubishi , Mitsui , C. Itoh & Co. and Nissho-Iwai Corp. , which make many of the Japanese investments in small U.S. concerns , have no U.S. counterpart .
These vertically integrated combines , some of which got their start in Japan 's feudal period , deal globally in commodities , construction and manufacturing .
They operate ships and banks .
 People are queuing at the door to take his product but he does n't have the working capitalto make the thing and commercial banks are very unsympathetic .
Mr. Klauser saysMitsui has 75 U.S. subsidiaries in which it holds 35 % interest or more and the trading company hopes to double the number of its U.S. affiliates in 1990 .
Hudson General Corp. 's president and chief executive officer , Alan J. Stearn , resigned .
Hudson General , which provides maintenance , fueling and other services to airlines and airports , reported a loss for its most recent fiscal year and last month omitted the semiannual dividend on its common shares .
Mr. Stearn , who had been with the company more than 20 years and had been president since 1984 , will act as a consultant to Hudson General .
A high-balance customer that banks pine for , she did n't give much thought to the ratesshe was receiving , nor to the feesshe was paying .
Among other things , it included checking , safe deposit box and credit card -- all for free -- plus a good deal on installment loans .
Allshe had to do was put $ 15,000 in a certificate of deposit , or qualify for a $ 10,000 personal line of credit .
For nearly a decade , banks have competed for customers primarily with the interest ratesthey pay on their deposits and charge on their loans .
Instead , they are trying to build customer loyalty by bundling their services into packages and targeting them to small segments of the population .
The program not only offers a pre-approved car loan up to $ 18,000 , but throws in a special cash-flow statementto help in saving money .
In September , Union Planters Corp. of Memphis , Tenn. , launched The Edge account , a package designed for the  thirtysomething '' crowd with services that include a credit card and line of credit with no annual fees , and a full percentage point off on installment loans .
 Varying age , geography and life-style differences create numerous sub-markets , '' Ms. MacDonald says .
She saysindividual Barnett branches can add different benefits to their Seniors Partners package -- such as athletic activities or travel clubs -- to appeal to local market interests .
In 1973 , Wells Fargo & Co. of San Francisco launched the Gold Account , which included free checking , a credit card , safe-deposit box and travelers checks for a $ 3 monthly fee .
The concept begot a slew of copycats , but the banks stopped promoting the packages .
Many banks , particularly smaller ones , were slow to computerize and could n't target market niches that would have made the programs more profitable .
But now computers are enabling more banks to analyze their customers by age , income and geography .
Deregulation has effectively removed all restrictions on what banks can pay for deposits , as well as opened up the field for new products such as high-rate CDs .
Where a bank once offered a standard passbook savings account , it began offering money-market accounts , certificates of deposit and interest-bearing checking , and staggering rates based on the size of deposits .
The competition has grown more intense as bigger banks such as Norwest Corp. of Minneapolis and Chemical Banking Corp. of New York extend their market-share battles into small towns across the nation .
 Today , a banker is worrying about local , regional and money-center -LCB- banks -RCB- , as well as thrifts and credit unions , '' says Ms. Moore at Synergistics Research .
 This much fragmentation makes attracting and keeping today 's rate-sensitive customers costly . ''
The additional technology , personnel training and promotional effort can be expensive .
 It 's not easy to roll out something that comprehensive , and make it pay , '' Mr. Jacob says .
SHAREDATA Inc. saidit will amend a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to delete a plan to sell 500,000 newly issued common shares .
ShareData develops and markets low-cost software , peripheral equipment and accessories for computers .
But for an ailing savings-and-loan association -- teetering on insolvency -- it can lead to safety from imminent demise and to a future full of promise .
Your $ 15,000 will help keep a needy savings and loan solvent -- and out of the federal budget deficit .
At the same time , you 'll give your Foster Savings Institution the gift of hope and freedom from the federal regulators who want to close its doors -- for good .
As a Foster Corporate Parent , you will experience the same joy felt by Robert Bass , Lewis Ranieri , William Simon and others , who find waysto help troubled savings institutions and their employees help themselves .
That builds confidence , self sufficiency , not to mention critical regulatory net worth .
Think about the goodyou can do for just $ 15,000 a month , about the cost of a mid-size Chevrolet or two semesters at a state university .
Then send your support to a savings institution that has taken a bad rap in the press and on its bottom line .
Every $ 15,000you send will go a long way to boost sagging net worth and employee morale -- and keep your Foster Savings Institution off the federal budget deficit !
Separately , John Phelan told a closed House subcommittee meeting in Washington that he would support Securities and Exchange Commission halts of program trading during market emergencies .
The Chicago Merc saida new one-hour price limit would take effect in its Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures pit once S&P 500 futures fell 20 index points -- the equivalent of about a 150-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
With the limit in effect , members would be able to execute trades at the limit price or at higher prices , but not below it .
The exchange saidit decideda new circuit breaker was needed following a review of the tumultuous trading in stocks and stock-index futures on Friday Oct. 13 , when the Dow Jones industrials plunged 190 points and stock-index futures prices skidded as well .
But when the contract reopened , the subsequent flood of sell orders that quickly knocked the contract down to the 30-point limit indicated that the intermediate limit of 20 points was needed to help keep stock and stock-index futures prices synchronized .
In a post-hearing news conference , Mr. Phelan , who has publicly expressed concern about market volatility , saidhe told the House finance and telecommunications subcommittee that he would support the program-trading halt proposal  providingthe SEC would be comfortable with the language '' in a bill .
The program-trading issue is heating up on Capitol Hill as it is on Wall Street , and several legislators want to grant the SEC the power to shut off the programs when trading becomes too volatile .
SEC Chairman Richard Breeden has saidhe would be willing to consider circuit breakers that have preset trigger points , but he does n't want discretionary power to stop programs .
A House aide suggested that Mr. Phelan was so  vague and mushy '' that it was the kind of meeting where people of all viewpoints could  come out feeling good . ''
That response annoyed Rep. Markey , House aides said, and the congressman snapped back that there had been enough studies of the issue and that it was time for action on the matter .
Fifteen of the 26 subcommittee members attended the hearing , most notably Rep. John Dingell -LRB- D. , Mich. -RRB- , the full House Energy and Commerce Committee chairman , who has been willing to let Mr. Markey carry the legislation in recent months .
The art of change-ringing is peculiar to the English , and , like most English peculiarities , unintelligible to the rest of the world .
The parishioners of St. Michael and All Angels stop to chat at the church door , as members here always have .
In the tower , five men and women pull rhythmically on ropes attached to the same five bells that first sounded here in 1614 .
Like most of the other 6,000 churches in Britain with sets of bells , St. Michael once had its own  band '' of ringers , who would herald every Sunday morning and evening service .
They belong to a group of 15 ringers -- including two octogenarians and four youngsters in training -- who drive every Sunday from church to church in a sometimes-exhausting effort to keep the bells sounding in the many belfries of East Anglia .
 We 've tried to train the youngsters , but they have their discos and their dances , and they just drift away . ''
Mr. Hammond worries that old age and the flightiness of youth will diminish the ranks of the East Anglian group that keeps the Aslacton bells pealing .
Each variation , or change , can occur only once , the rules state.
Ringers memorize patterns of changes , known as  methods , '' which have odd-sounding names like Kent Treble Bob Major or Grandsire Caters .
A series of 5,000 or so changes is a  peal '' and takes about three hours .
No one speaks , and the snaking of the ropes seems to make as much sound as the bells themselves , muffled by the ceiling .
Totally absorbed , the ringers stare straight ahead , using peripheral vision -LRB- they call it  rope-sight '' -RRB- to watch the other ropes and thus time their pulls .
Far above in the belfry , the huge bronze bells , mounted on wheels , swing madly through a full 360 degrees , starting and ending , surprisingly , in the inverted , or mouth-up position .
Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing , so that one bell can swap places with another in the following change .
In a well-known detective-story involving church bells , English novelist Dorothy L. Sayers described ringing as a  passion -LCB- that -RCB- finds its satisfaction in mathematical completeness and mechanical perfection . ''
 Ringing does become a bit of an obsession , '' admits Stephanie Pattenden , master of the band at St. Mary Abbot and one of England 's best female ringers .
When their changes are completed , and after they have worked up a sweat , ringers often skip off to the local pub , leaving worship for others below .
With membership of the Church of England steadily dwindling , strong-willed vicars are pressing equally strong-willed and often non-religious ringers to attend services .
Vicar Marshall admits to mixed feelings about this issue , since he is both a vicar and an active bell-ringer himself .
It hopes to speak to students at theological colleges about the joys of bell ringing and will shortly publish a booklet for every vicar in the country entitled ,  The Bells in Your Care . ''
Says Mr. Baldwin ,  We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority in church life and experience . ''
Also , ringers do n't always live where the bells need to be rung -- like in small , rural parishes and inner-city churches .
But the council 's program to attract and train ringers is only partly successful , saysMr. Baldwin .
The oldest bell-ringing group in the country , the Ancient Society of College Youths , founded in 1637 , remains male-only , a fact that 's particularly galling to women because the group is the sole source of ringers for Britain 's most prestigious churches , St. Paul 's Cathedral and Westminster Abbey .
This being Britain , no woman has filed an equal-opportunity suit , but the extent of the problem surfaced this summer in a series of letters to  The Ringing World , '' a weekly newspaper for ringers .
One writer , signing his letter as  Red-blooded , balanced male , '' remarked on the  frequency of women fainting in peals , '' and suggested that they  settle back into their traditional role of making tea at meetings . ''
In the torrent of replies that followed , one woman ringer from Solihull observed that  the average male ringer leaves quite a lotto be desired : badly dressed , decorated with acne and a large beer-belly , frequently unwashed and unbearably flatulent in peals . ''
I have seen one or two men die , bless them .
That can be a trap for unwary investors , saysRichard Bernstein , senior quantitative analyst at Merrill Lynch & Co .
Strong dividend growth , he says, is  the black widow of valuation '' -- a reference to the female spiders that attract males and then kill them after mating .
Stephen Boesel , president of T. Rowe Price Growth and Income Fund , explains that companies raise their payouts most robustly only after the economy and corporate profits have been growing for some time .
In 1976 , for example , dividends on the stocks in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index soared 10 % , following much slower growth the year before .
The S&P index started sliding in price in September 1976 , and fell 12 % in 1977 -- despite a 15 % expansion in dividends that year .
That pattern has n't always held , but recent strong growth in dividends makes some market watchers anxious .
Payouts on the S&P 500 stocks rose 10 % in 1988 , according to Standard & Poor 's Corp. , and Wall Street estimates for 1989 growth are generally between 9 % and 14 % .
As a result , the market 's dividend yield -- dividends as a percentage of price -- has slid to a level that is fairly low and unenticing by historical standards .
There 's never been an exception , '' saysGerald W. Perritt , a Chicago investment adviser and money manager , based on a review of six decades of stock-market data .
Stockholders who took the hint and sold shares escaped the October debacle .
There have been only seven other times -- in 1929 , 1933 , 1961 , 1965 , 1968 , 1971 and 1972 -- when the yield on the S&P 500 dropped below 3 % for at least two consecutive months , Mr. Perritt found.
In particular , Mr. Coxon says, businesses are paying out a smaller percentage of their profits and cash flow in the form of dividends than they have historically .
Rather than increasing dividends , some companies have used cash to buy back some of their shares , notesSteven G. Einhorn , co-chairman of the investment policy committee at Goldman , Sachs & Co .
Common wisdom suggests a single-digit rate of growth , reflecting a weakening in the economy and corporate profits .
Dividend growth on the order of 12 % is expected by both Mr. Coxon of Cigna and Mr. Einhorn of Goldman Sachs .
Those dividend bulls argue that corporations are in the unusual position of having plenty of cash left over after paying dividends and making capital expenditures .
One indicatorinvestors might want to watch is the monthly tally from Standard & Poor 's of the number of public companies adjusting their dividends .
Mr. Einhorn of Goldman Sachs estimatesthe stock market will deliver a 12 % to 15 % total return from appreciation and dividends over the next 12 months -- vs. a  cash rate of return '' of perhaps 7 % or 8 % if dividend growth is weak .
 Having the dividend increases is a supportive element in the market outlook , but I do n't thinkit 's a main consideration , '' he says .
With slower economic growth and flat corporate earnings likely next year ,  I would n't look for the market to have much upside from current levels .
Bell 's father-in-law , Gardner G. Hubbard , wealthy and well-connected , obtained financingto start the American Bell Telephone Co. in Boston , which even had a subsidiary in New York called the Telephone Co. of New York .
It acquired Thomas Edison 's microphone patent and then immediately sued the Bell Co. claiming that the microphone invented by my grandfather , Emile Berliner , which had been sold to Bell for a princely $ 50,000 , infringed upon Western Union 's Edison patent .
When Bell established that the Berliner patent caveat was registered 10 days before Edison 's application , Western Union dropped the lawsuit and agreed never to enter the telephone business -- the basis for the company 's current plight .
Troubled NBI Inc. saidit fired more than half its work force and is discontinuing its hardware business to focus on its software and service operations .
The ailing company , which has reported net losses for 16 consecutive quarters , saidit wo n't manufacture network computer systems any more and will greatly reduce its costly direct sales force .
Altogether , NBI saidit will eliminate 266 jobs at its Boulder headquarters , 176 field sales jobs and 50 jobs at its Canadian and United Kingdom headquarters .
Stephen G. Jerritts , president and chief executive officer , saidcustomers were n't willing to commit to an expensive NBI hardware systems because of the company 's financial troubles .
 We had to do something structurally and radically different . ''
As a result , he saidNBI will focus on servicing its installed base of systems , trying to provide maintenance for other manufacturers and expanding its software business , using some of the applicationsit developed for its hardware .
The company , which recently saidit lacked the profits and capitalto pay dividends on its Series A convertible preferred stock , saidit has hired an investment bankerto help it raise additional cash .
It was Richard Nixon 's first visit to China in 1972 that set in motion the historic rapprochement between Beijing and Washington .
Instead , Mr. Nixon reminded his host , Chinese President Yang Shangkun , that Americans have n't forgiven China 's leaders for the military assault of June 3-4 that killed hundreds , and perhaps thousands , of demonstrators .
 Many in the United States , including many friends of China , believethe crackdown was excessive and unjustified , '' Mr. Nixon told Mr. Yang , who was directly involved in ordering the attack .
 The events of April through June damaged the respect and confidence which most Americans previously had for the leaders of China . ''
In talks with Mr. Nixon , Chinese leaders expressed no regret for the killings , and even suggested that the U.S. was prominently involved in the demonstrations this spring .
In a meeting Tuesday , supreme leader , Deng Xiaoping , told Mr. Nixon ,  Frankly speaking , the U.S. was involved too deeply in the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion which occurred in Beijing not long ago .
China was the real victim and it is unjust to reprove China for it . ''
Despite the harsh exchanges , the U.S. and China still seem to be looking for a wayto mend relations , which have deteriorated into what Mr. Nixon referred to as  the greatest crisis in Chinese-American relations '' since his initial visit to China 17 years ago .
Relations between China and the U.S. have been tense since June 7 , when Chinese dissident Fang Lizhi and his wife , Li Shuxian , took refuge in the U.S. Embassy in Beijing .
Mr. Nixon is traveling in China as a private citizen , but he has made clear that he is an unofficial envoy for the Bush administration .
Mr. Nixon met Mr. Bush and his national security adviser , Brent Scowcroft , before coming to China on Saturday .
These included China 's economic policies , human rights and the question of Mr. Fang .
In his talks , the former president urged China 's leaders to acknowledge that their nation is part of the world community and welcome the infusion of outside contacts and ideas .
 Ideas are going over borders , and there 's no SDI ideological weapon that can shoot them down , '' he told a group of Americans at the U.S. Embassy on Wednesday .
But the guards there retained their pistols , and a large contingent of plainclothes police remained nearby in unmarked cars .
Moreover , police and soldiers continue to harass Americans , who have filed several protests with the Foreign Ministry in the past week .
Several times , Chinese guards have pointed their automatic rifles at young children of U.S. diplomats and clicked the trigger .
Money is not everything , but it is necessary , and business is not volunteer work .
Unfortunately , Japanese manufacturers have neither good working conditions nor good compensation packages .
I visited a lot of major Japanese manufacturers , but I never feltI would want to be employed by any of them .
Many of them recently have been spending a lot of money on public relations and advertising to improve their images , but they should realize that the most important thing is real change , not changing people 's perceptions .
If the Japanese companies are seriously considering their survival , they could do at least three things to improve the situation : raise salaries higher than those of financial institutions ; improve working conditions -LRB- better offices and more vacations , for example -RRB- ; accept and hire more labor from outside Japan .
The statistics imply that three-quarters of blacks approve of Mr. Bush 's job performance and 85 % of blacks approve of Mrs. Bush .
If the assumption is that it is surprising that so few blacks find Mr. and Mrs. Bush distasteful , the positive view is even more newsworthy .
Why are we blacks continually defined by our minority and the lowest common denominator .
The National Association of Securities Dealers , the self-regulatory organization for the over-the-counter securities markets , disciplined a number of firms and individuals for alleged violations of industry rules .
Two firms were expelled from the NASD , three were suspended or barred and nine were fined .
First Securities Group of California and a principal of the firm , Louis Fernando Vargas of Marina del Rey , Calif. , were jointly fined $ 15,000 and expelled for alleged violations of reporting requirements on securities sales .
Neither First Securities , of Beverly Hills , nor Mr. Vargas could be reached for comment .
J.L. Henry & Co. , Miami , and a principal of the firm , Henry I. Otero of Miami , were jointly fined $ 30,000 and expelled , for alleged improper use of a customer 's funds , among other things .
Biscayne Securities Corp. , of Lauderhill , Fla. , and a principal of the firm , Alvin Rosenblum of Plantation , Fla. , were jointly fined $ 20,000 and given 10-day suspensions for allegedly selling securities at unfair prices .
Triton Securities , of Danville , Calif. , and a principal of the firm , Delwin George Chase , also of Danville , were jointly fined $ 10,000 and given 30-day suspensions as part of a settlement .
While neither admitting nor denying wrongdoing , Triton and Mr. Chase consented to findings of violations in connection with limited-partnership sales .
Crane & Co. Securities Inc. , of Mount Clemens , Mich. , and its president , Glenn R. Crane , of Sterling Heights , Mich. , consented to a joint fine of $ 10,000 .
Without admitting or denying wrongdoing , they consented to findings of violations of escrow and record-keeping rules .
First Commonwealth Securities Corp. , of New Orleans , and its president , Kenneth J. Canepa , also of New Orleans , consented to a $ 10,000 fine .
Without admitting or denying wrongdoing , they consented to findings that they had inaccurately represented the firm 's net capital , maintained inaccurate books and records , and made other violations .
Mr. Canepa confirmedhe had consented to the sanctions but declined to comment further .
Weatherly Securities Corp. , New York , and three of its principals -- Dell Eugene Keehn and William Northy Prater Jr. , both of Mercer Island , Wash. , and Thomas Albert McFall , of Red Bank , N.J . -- consented to a fine of $ 20,000 .
Without admitting or denying wrongdoing , they consented to findings that they failed to return funds owed to customers in connection with a limited-partnership offering .
Reached at his office , Mr. McFall , currently chairman , said ,  An implication that we failed to return investor funds is inappropriate and inaccurate . ''
W.N. Whelen & Co. , of Georgetown , Del. , and its president , William N. Whelen Jr. , also of Georgetown , were barred from transacting principal trades for 90 days and were jointly fined $ 15,000 .
The firm and Mr. Whelen allegedly sold securities to the public at unfair prices , among other alleged violations .
Mr. Whelen deniedthe firm had sold securities at unfair prices and suggested that the examination practices of the NASD need improvement .
The firm and the NASD differ over the meaning of markup and markdown , he added.
Without admitting or denying wrongdoing , the firm consented to findings that it failed to respond  in a timely manner '' to the NASD 's requests for information in connection with a customer complaint .
The following individuals were fined as indicated and barred from association with NASD members , or , where noted , suspended .
Except where noted , none of these people could be reached for comment or had any comment .
Andrew Derel Adams , Killeen , Texas , fined $ 15,000 ; John Francis Angier Jr. , Reddington Shores , Fla. , $ 15,000 ; Mark Anthony , Arlington Heights , Ill. , $ 10,000 and 30-day suspension ; William Stirlen , Arlington Heights , Ill. , $ 7,500 and 30-day suspension ; Fred W. Bonnell , Boulder , Colo. , $ 2,500 and six-month suspension ; Michael J. Boorse , Horsham , Pa. ; David Chiodo , Dallas , $ 5,000 , barred as a principal ; Camille Chafic Cotran , London , $ 25,000 ; John William Curry , fined $ 5,000 , ordered to disgorge $ 30,000 , one-year suspension .
John William Davis , Colonsville , Miss. , fined $ 200,000 ; Jeffrey Gerard Dompierre , Valrico , Fla. , $ 5,000 and 10-day suspension ; Eugene Michael Felten , La Canada , Calif. , fined $ 25,000 , ordered to disgorge $ 16,072 and suspended one year ; Marion Stewart Spitler , La Canada , fined $ 15,000 , ordered to disgorge $ 18,444 and suspended six months .
Mr. Felten said ,  We got what amounted to a parking ticket , and by complaining about it , we ended up with a sizable fine and suspension . ''
Victor Stanley Fishman , Longwood , Fla. , fined $ 25,000 ; William Harold Floyd , Houston , $ 100,000 ; Michael Anthony Houston , Bronx , N.Y. , $ 15,000 ; Amin Jalaalwalikraam , Glenham , N.Y. , $ 60,000 ; Richard F. Knapp , London , $ 10,000 and 30-day suspension ; Deborah Renee Martin , St. Louis , $ 15,000 ; Joseph Francis Muscolina Jr. , Palisades Park , N.J. , $ 15,000 ; Robert C. Najarian , Brooklyn Park , Minn. , $ 15,000 ; Edward Robert Norwick , Nesconset , N.Y. , $ 30,000 .
Charles D. Phipps Sr. , Hermitage , Pa. , fined $ 10,000 ; David Scott Rankin , Lake St. Louis , Mo. , $ 15,000 ; Leigh A. Sanderoff , Gaithersburg , Md. , fined $ 45,000 , ordered to disgorge $ 12,252 ; Sandra Ann Smith , Ridgefield , N.J. , $ 15,000 ; James G. Spence , Aloha , Ore. , $ 5,000 and six-month suspension ; Mona Sun , Jamaica Estates , N.Y. , $ 60,000 ; William Swearingen , Minneapolis , $ 15,000 and six-month suspension ; John Bew Wong , San Francisco , $ 25,000 ; Rabia M. Zayed , San Francisco , $ 50,000 .
The following were neither barred nor suspended : Stephanie Veselich Enright , Rolling Hills , Calif. , fined $ 2,500 and ordered to disgorge $ 11,762 ; Stuart Lane Russel , Glendale , Calif. , fined $ 2,500 and ordered to disgorge $ 14,821 ; Devon Nilson Dahl , Fountain Valley , Calif. , fined $ 82,389 .
 Insurance agents have been forced by their companies into becoming registered reps , '' he said ,  but they are not providing compliance and security-type training so that we can avoid stupid mistakes . ''
The following were barred or , where noted , suspended and consented to findings without admitting or denying wrongdoing : Edward L. Cole , Jackson , Miss. , $ 10,000 fine ; Rita Rae Cross , Denver , $ 2,500 fine and 30-day suspension ; Thomas Richard Meinders , Colorado Springs , Colo. , $ 2,000 fine , five-day suspension and eight-month suspension as a principal ; Ronald A. Cutrer , Baton Rouge , La. , $ 15,000 fine and one-month suspension ; Karl Grant Hale , Midvale , Utah , $ 15,000 fine ; Clinton P. Hayne , New Orleans , $ 7,500 fine and one-week suspension ; Richard M. Kane , Coconut Creek , Fla. , $ 250,000 fine ; John B. Merrick , Aurora , Colo. , $ 1,000 fine and 10-day suspension ; John P. Miller , Baton Rouge , $ 2,000 fine and two-week suspension ; Randolph K. Pace , New York , $ 10,000 fine and 90-day suspension ; Brian D. Pitcher , New Providence , N.J. , $ 30,000 fine ; Wayne A. Russo , Bridgeville , Pa. , $ 4,000 fine and 15-day suspension ; Orville Leroy Sandberg , Aurora , Colo. , $ 3,500 fine and 10-day suspension ; Richard T. Marchese , Las Vegas , Nev. , $ 5,000 and one-year suspension ; Eric G. Monchecourt , Las Vegas , $ 5,000 and one-year suspension ; and Robert Gerhard Smith , Carson City , Nev. , two-year suspension .
But in London and Tokyo , where computer-driven trading now plays a small but growing role , traders saya number of hurdles loom .
Government officials , especially in Japan , probably would resist any onslaught of program trading by players trying to shrug off the U.S. furor over their activities and marching abroad with their business .
And because of the time difference , the Japanese and the U.S. markets ' trading hours do n't overlap .
It all adds up to a barrier to American-style index arbitrage , the most popular form of U.S. program trading that seeks to exploit brief differences between prices of stocks in New York and the price of a futures contract in Chicago based on those stocks .
Program trading has taken off in Japan since last year 's introduction of home-market stock-index futures trading on the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges .
Japan 's Finance Ministry had set up mechanismsto limit how far futures prices could fall in a single session and to give market operators the authority to suspend trading in futures at any time .
Some U.S. firms , notably Salomon Inc. and Morgan Stanley Group Inc. , have reaped a hefty chunk of their Japanese earnings from index arbitrage , both for customers and for their own accounts .
Both Deryck C. Maughan , who heads Salomon in Tokyo , and John S. Wadsworth , who heads Morgan Stanley there , ascribe a good part of their firms ' success in Tokyo to their ability to offer sophisticated , futures-related investment strategies to big institutional clients .
 The real difference seems to be that the cash market here ... is big enough and liquid enough that the futures market is n't having the same impactit does in America . ''
First , the trading is done over the counter and is n't reported on either the U.S. or London stock trading tapes .
In addition to the extra privacy of these trades , the transactions can often be less expensive to execute , because the parties do n't have to pay a floor brokerage fee or a specialist 's fee .
This year , the average of daily contracts traded totaled 9,118 , up from 4,645 a year earlier and from 917 in 1984 .
The vote came after a debate replete with complaints from both proponents and critics of a substantial increase in the wage floor .
Advocates saidthe 90-cent-an-hour rise , to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 , is too small for the working poor , while opponents argued that the increase will still hurt small business and cost many thousands of jobs .
But the legislation reflected a compromise agreed to on Tuesday by President Bush and Democratic leaders in Congress , after congressional Republicans urged the White House to bend a bit from its previous resistance to compromise .
The Senate plans to take up the measure quickly and is expected to pass it .
Adopting a training-wage policy means  getting beyond the nickel and diming of the minimum wage , '' Mrs. Roukema said.
Policy makers regard the youth wage as helping to limit the loss of jobs from an increase in the minimum wage , but they have lately touted it as necessary to help impart job skills to entrants into the work force .
Labor unions and Democrats long fought the idea , but recently acceded to it in the face of Bush administration insistence .
The compromise sets the training wage at $ 3.35 an hour next April , and at $ 3.61 an hour , or 85 % of the minimum wage , in April 1991 .
Employers can pay the subminimum for 90 days , without restriction , to workers with less than six months of job experience , and for another 90 days if the company uses a government-certified training program for the young workers .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce , still opposed to any mininum-wage increase , saidthe compromise plan to lift the wage floor 27 % in two stages between April 1990 and April 1991  will be impossible for many employers to accommodate and will result in the elimination of jobs for American workers and higher prices for American consumers .
Zenith Data Systems Corp. , a subsidiary of Zenith Electronics Corp. , received a $ 534 million Navy contract for software and services of microcomputers over an 84-month period .
Martin Marietta Corp. was given a $ 29.9 million Air Force contract for low-altitude navigation and targeting equipment .
For six years , T. Marshall Hahn Jr. has made corporate acquisitions in the George Bush mode : kind and gentle .
Mr. Hahn , the 62-year-old chairman and chief executive officer of Georgia-Pacific Corp. is leading the forest-product concern 's unsolicited $ 3.19 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa Corp .
If a competitor enters the game , for example , Mr. Hahn could face the dilemma of paying a premium for Nekoosa or seeing the company fall into the arms of a rival .
Given that choice , associates of Mr. Hahn and industry observers saythe former university president -- who has developed a reputation for not overpaying for anything -- would fold .
 There 's a price above which I 'm positiveMarshall has the couragenot to pay , '' says A.D. Correll , Georgia-Pacific 's executive vice president for pulp and paper .
Mr. Hahn agrees that he has a  retentive '' memory , but friends saythat 's an understatement .
Taking over as chief executive officer in 1983 , he inherited a company that was mired in debt and hurt by a recession-inspired slide in its building-products business .
Mr. Hahn began selling non-core businesses , such as oil and gas and chemicals .
At the same time , he began building up the pulp and paper segment of the company while refocusing building products on home repair and remodeling , rather than materials for new-home construction .
It would be a good match , Mr. Hahn and many analysts say, of two healthy companies with high-quality assets and strong cash flows .
A House-Senate conference approved major portions of a package for more than $ 500 million in economic aid for Poland that relies heavily on $ 240 million in credit and loan guarantees in fiscal 1990 in hopes of stimulating future trade and investment .
For the Agency for International Development , appropriators approved $ 200 million in secondary loan guarantees under an expanded trade credit insurance program , and total loan guarantees for the Overseas Private Investment Corp. are increased by $ 40 million over fiscal 1989 as part of the same Poland package .
The conference approved at least $ 55 million in direct cash and development assistance as well , and though no decision was made , both sides are committed to adding more than $ 200 million in economic support funds and environmental initiatives sought by the Bush administration .
The agreement on Poland contrasts with the major differences remaining over the underlying foreign aid bill , which has already provoked veto threats by the White House and is sharply confined under this year 's budget .
These fiscal pressures are also a factor in shaping the Poland package , and while more ambitious authorizing legislation is still pending , the appropriations bill in conference will be more decisive on U.S. aid to Eastern Europe .
The House and Senate are divided over whether the United Nations Population Fund will receive any portion of these appropriations , but the size of the increase is itself significant .
In a second area of common concern , the world environment , an additional $ 15 million will be provided in development assistanceto fund a series of initiatives , related both to global warming and the plight of the African elephant .
The sweeping nature of the bill draws a variety of special interest amendments , running from an import exemption for a California airplane museum to a small but intriguing struggle among sugar producing nations over the fate of Panama 's quota of exports to the profitable U.S. market .
Panama was stripped of this right because of U.S. differences with the Noriega regime , but the Central American country would have received a quota of 30,537 metric tons over a 21-month period ending Sept. 30 , 1990 .
About a quarter of this share has already been reallocated , according to the industry , but the remaining 23,403 tons are still a lucrative target for growers because the current U.S. price of 18 cents a pound runs as much as a nickel a pound above the world rate .
The potential sales are nearly $ 9.3 million , and House Majority Whip William Gray -LRB- D. , Pa . -RRB- began the bidding this year by proposing language that the quota be allocated to English-speaking countries of the Caribbean , such as Jamaica and Barbados .
Rep. Jerry Lewis , a conservative Californian , added a provision of his own intended to assist Bolivia , and the Senate then broadened the list further by including all countries in the U.S. Caribbean Basin initiate as well as the Philippines - backed by the powerful Hawaii Democrat Sen. Daniel Inouye .
Jamaica , wary of upsetting its Caribbean Basin allies , has apparently instructed its lobbyist to abandon the provision initially drafted by Mr. Gray , but the greater question is whether Mr. Inouye , who has strong ties to the sugar industry , is able to insert a claim by the Philippines .
In separate floor action , the House waived budget restrictions and gave quick approval to $ 3.18 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti-drug programs in fiscal 1990 .
The funding is attached to an estimated $ 27.1 billion transportation bill that goes next to the Senate and carries with it a proposed permanent smoking ban on virtually all U.S. domestic airline flights .
The leadership hopes to move the compromise measure promptly to the White House , but in recent days , the Senate has been as likely to bounce bills back to the House .
The most recent example was a nearly $ 17.3 billion fiscal 1990 bill funding the State , Justice and Commerce departments .
EVERYONE AGREES that most of the nation 's old bridges need to be repaired or replaced .
 The primary purpose of a railing is to contain a vehicle and not to provide a scenic view , '' says Jack White , a planner with the Indiana Highway Department .
He and others prefer to install railings such as the  type F safety shape , '' a four-foot-high concrete slab with no openings .
Garret Boone , who teaches art at Earlham College , calls the new structure  just an ugly bridge '' and one that blocks the view of a new park below .
Similarly , highway engineers agreed to keep the old railings on the Key Bridge in Washington , D.C. , as long as they could install a crash barrier between the sidewalk and the road .
PORTING POTABLES just got easier , or so claims Scypher Corp. , the maker of the Cup-Tote .
The Chicago company 's beverage carrier , meant to replace cardboard trays at concession stands and fast-food outlets , resembles the plastic loops used on six-packs of beer , only the loops hang from a web of strings .
He also claimsthe carrier costs less and takes up less space than most paper carriers .
AN EXCHANGE of U.S. and Soviet designers promises change on both sides .
An exhibition of American design and architecture opened in September in Moscow and will travel to eight other Soviet cities .
The event continues into next year and includes an exchange program to swap design teachers at Carnegie-Mellon and Leningrad 's Mutchin Institute .
Grain elevators built in the 1920s and '30s have six-inch concrete walls and a tubular shape that would easily contain semicircular cells with a control point in the middle , the New York firm says.
Many are far enough from residential areas to pass public muster , yet close enough to permit family visits .
A number of cities -- including Minneapolis , Philadelphia and Houston -- have vacant grain elevators , Eggers says.
A spokesman for the state , however , calls the idea  not effective or cost efficient .
The Labor Department cited USX Corp. for numerous health and safety violations at two Pennsylvania plants , and proposed $ 7.3 million in fines , the largest penalty ever proposed for alleged workplace violations by an employer .
The department 's Occupational Safety and Health Administration proposed fines of $ 6.1 million for alleged violations at the company 's Fairless Hills , Pa. , steel mill ; that was a record for proposed penalties at any single facility .
OSHA cited nearly 1,500 alleged violations of federal electrical , crane-safety , record-keeping and other requirements .
A second citation covering the company 's Clairton , Pa. , coke works involved more than 200 alleged violations of electrical-safety and other requirements , for which OSHA proposed $ 1.2 million in fines .
Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole said ,  The magnitude of these penalties and citations is matched only by the magnitude of the hazards to workers which resulted from corporate indifference to worker safety and health , and severe cutbacks in the maintenance and repair programs needed to remove those hazards . ''
OSHA saidthere have been three worker fatalities at the two plants in the past two years and 17 deaths since 1972 .
Gerard Scannell , the head of OSHA , saidUSX managers have known about many of the safety and health deficiencies at the plants for years ,  yet have failed to take necessary action to counteract the hazards . ''
A USX spokesman saidthe company had n't yet received any documents from OSHA regarding the penalty or fine .
 No consideration is more important than the health and safety of our employees . ''
USX saidit has been cooperating with OSHA since the agency began investigating the Clairton and Fairless works .
 The big problem is that USX management has proved unwilling to devote the necessary resources and manpower to removing hazards and to safeguarding safety and health in the plants , '' said Linda Anku , OSHA regional administrator in Philadelphia .
USX has 15 working daysto contest the citations and proposed penalties , before the independent Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission .
Before the USX case , OSHA 's largest proposed fine for one employer was $ 4.3 million for alleged safety violations at John Morrell & Co. , a meatpacking subsidiary of United Brands Co. , Cincinnati .
Your Oct. 6 editorial  The Ill Homeless '' referred to research by us and six of our colleagues that was reported in the Sept. 8 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Your comments impliedwe had discovered that the  principal cause '' of homelessness is to be found in the large numbers of mentally ill and substance-abusing people in the homeless population .
It is clear that most mentally ill people and most alcoholics do not become homeless .
The  causes '' of homelessness are poorly understood and complex in any individual case .
In quoting from our research you emphasized the high prevalance of mental illness and alcoholism .
You did not note that the homeless peoplewe examined had a multitude of physical disorders in addition to their psychiatric problems and substance abuse .
They suffered from malnutrition , chest diseases , cardiovascular disorders , skin problems , infectious diseases and the aftereffects of assaults and rape .
Homeless people not only lack safety , privacy and shelter , they also lack the elementary necessities of nutrition , cleanliness and basic health care .
In a recent report , the Institute of Medicine pointed out that certain health problems may predispose a person to homelessness , others may be a consequence of it , and a third category is composed of disorders whose treatment is difficult or impossible if a person lacks adequate shelter .
The interactions between health and homelessness are complex , defying sweeping generalizations as to  cause '' or  effect . ''
This will require us to develop a much more sophisticated understanding of the dynamics of homelessness than we currently possess , an understanding that can be developed only through careful study and research .
The study shows that nearly 40 % of the homeless population is made up of women and children and that only 25 % of the homeless exhibits some combination of drug , alcohol and mental problems .
According to Dr. Wright , homelessness is  simultaneously a housing problem , an employment problem , a demographic problem , a problem of social disaffiliation , a mental health problem , a family violence problem , a problem created by the cutbacks in social welfare spending , a problem resulting from the decay of the traditional nuclear family , and a problem intimately connected to the recent increase in the number of persons living below the poverty level . ''
To quote the highly regarded director of a privately funded drop-in center for the homeless in New York :  If you 're homeless , you do n't sleep for fear of being robbed or murdered .
Some of the homeless , obviously , had pre-existing mental illness or addiction .
Once there , what ways of escape are open to them other than drink , drugs or insanity ?
You dismiss as  sentimental '' the view that the reduction of federal housing-assistance programs by 77 % might have played a significant role in the increased number of men and women sleeping on our city streets during the Reagan-Bush years .
There is no sign that you bothered to consider the inverse of your logic : namely , that mental illness and substance abuse might be to some degree consequences rather than causes of homelessness .
Of the approximately 200 sponsors of the recent march in Washington for the homeless , you chose to cite such groups as the National Association of Home Builders and the International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftsmen , insinuating that the march got its major support from self-serving groups that  know a good thing when they see it , '' and that the crusade was based on greed or the profit motive .
But is n't the desire for profit the driving force behind those who subscribe to , and advertise in , your paper ?
Why did n't you mention the YMCA or the YWCA or Catholic Charities USA or a hundred other nonprofit organizations that participated in the march ?
Choose 203 business executives , including , perhaps , someone from your own staff , and put them out on the streets , to be deprived for one month of their homes , families and income .
I would predict that within a short time most of them would find Thunderbird a satisfactory substitute for Chivas Regal and that their  normal '' phobias , anxieties , depressions and substance abuse would increase dramatically .
Rogers saidthe shares will be convertible into Class B shares , but that the company has the option to redeem the shares before a conversion takes place .
A spokesman for the Toronto cable television and telecommunications concern saidthe coupon rate has n't yet been fixed , but will probably be set at around 8 % .
The final vote came after the House rejected Republican efforts to weaken the bill and approved two amendments sought by organized labor .
The Bush administration has threatened to veto such a bill because of what it views as an undesirable intrusion into the affairs of industry , but the 300-113 vote suggests that supporters have the potentialto override a veto .
 The purpose of the bill is to put the brakes on airline acquisitions that would so load a carrier up with debt that it would impede safety or a carrier 's ability to compete , '' Rep. John Paul Hammerschmidt , -LRB- R. , Ark . -RRB- said .
The bill , as it was approved by the House Public Works and Transportation Committee , would give the Transportation Department up to 50 daysto review any purchase of 15 % or more of the stock in an airline .
The department would be required to block the buy-out if the acquisition is likely to financially weaken a carrier so that safety would be impaired ; its ability to compete would be sharply diminished ; it would be put into foreign control ; or if the transaction would result in the sale of airline-related assets -- unless selling such assets had an overriding public benefit .
The House approved an amendment offered by Rep. Peter DeFazio -LRB- D. , Ore. -RRB- that would , in addition to the previous criteria , also require the department to block the acquisition of an airline if the added debt incurred were likely to result in a reduction in the number of the carrier 's employees , or their wages or benefits .
On Tuesday , the House approved a labor-backed amendment that would require the Transportation Department to reject airline acquisitions if the person seeking to purchase a carrier had run two or more airlines previously that have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code .
You now may drop by the Voice of America offices in Washington and read the text of what the Voice is broadcasting to those 130 million people around the world who tune in to it each week .
You can do all this even if you 're not a reporter or a researcher or a scholar or a member of Congress .
The theory was that the Voice is a propaganda agency and this government should n't propagandize its own people .
That sounds neat , but this government -- any government -- propagandizes its own people every day .
Propaganda is just informationto support a viewpoint , and the beauty of a democracy is that it enables you to hear or read every viewpoint and then make up your own mind on an issue .
The restrictions on viewing and dissemination of Voice material were especially absurd : An agency in the information business was not being allowed to inform .
Assumingit was n't one of those columns that you clipped and put on the refrigerator door , I 'll review the facts .
The Voice of America is a government agency that broadcasts news and views -- some might say propaganda -- in 43 languages to 130 million listeners around the world .
The law let scholars , reporters and researchers read texts of VOA material , only at VOA headquarters in Washington , but it barred them from copying texts .
 You may come by the agency to read but not copy either manually or by photocopying , '' a Voice official explained when I asked .
What if I tune in my short-wave radio , transcribe an editorial or program , and print it in my newspaper ?
That sounded a lot like censorship , so after years of letters and conversations that went nowhere , I sued .
 The USIA officially and publicly declared the absolute right of everyone except the USIA to disseminate agency program materials in the United States , '' my lawyer , the scholarly Mark McCormick of Des Moines , said in a memo pointing out the facts and trying to make me feel good after the press reported that I had lost .
The court noted the new USIA position but , just in case , officially found  that Congress did not intend to preclude plaintiffs from disseminating USIA information domestically . ''
-- The USIA said that , on reflection , anyone could view the VOA materials , not just the reporters , scholars , researchers and congressmen who are mentioned in the statute .
 The USIA publicly and officially stated in the litigation that all persons are allowed access to the materials , notwithstanding the statutory designations , because the USIA has determined that it will not check the credentials of any person appearing and requesting to see the materials , '' Mr. McCormick noted .
-- And the USIA said that all of us could take extensive notes .
 The agency publicly and officially declared in the lawsuit that persons who examine the materials may make notes and , while the agency position is that persons may not take verbatim notes , no one will check to determine what notes a person has taken , '' Mr. McCormick reported .
I had sought , in my suit , the right to print Voice material , which had been denied me , and I had sought a right to receive the information , arguing in effect that a right to print government information is n't very helpful if I have no right to get the information .
You have a right to read Voice of America scripts if you do n't mind traveling to Washington every week or so and visiting the Voice office during business hours .
I have a right to print those scripts if I go there and laboriously -- but no longer surreptitiously -- copy them out in long hand .
But neither of us can copy the material on a Xerox machine or have it sent to us .
In an era when every government agency has a public-relations machine that sends you stuff whether you want it or not , this does seem odd .
Indeed , Judge O'Brien ruled that  it would be easy to conclude that the USIA 's position is ` inappropriate or even stupid , ' '' but it 's the law .
Section 501 of the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act of 1948 saysVoice material shall be available to certain of us -LRB- but now , thanks to the USIA 's new position , all of us -RRB-  for examination only . ''
If those words were n't there , the nice people at the Voice would be able to send you the information or , at the very least , let you photocopy it .
 You have ... raised important questions which ought to be answered : What does USIA say about America abroad ; how do we say it ; and how can American taxpayers get the answers to these questions ? '' a man wrote me a couple of years ago .
Mr. Gartner is editor and co-owner of the Daily Tribune in Ames , Iowa , and president of NBC News in New York .
R. Gordon McGovern was forced out as Campbell Soup Co. 's president and chief executive officer , the strongest evidence yet of the power that Dorrance family members intend to wield in reshaping the troubled food company .
Herbert M. Baum , the 53-year-old president of the company 's Campbell U.S.A. unit , and Edwin L. Harper , 47 , the chief financial officer , will run Campbell as a team , dividing responsibilities rather evenly until a successor is named .
Wall Street reacted favorably to Mr. McGovern 's departure and its implications .
Campbell 's international businesses , particularly in the U.K. and Italy , appear to be at the heart of its problems .
Growth has fallen short of targets and operating earnings are far below results in U.S. units .
For example , Campbell is a distant third in the U.K. frozen foods market , where it recently paid 24 times earnings for Freshbake Foods PLC and wound up with far more capacity than it could use .
Similarly , Campbell 's Italian biscuit operation , D. Lazzaroni & Co. , has been hurt by overproduction and distribution problems .
However , neither Mr. Baum nor Mr. Harper has much international experience .
In recent months , Mr. Dorrance 's children and other family members have pushed for improved profitability and higher returns on their equity .
The plan calls for closing at least nine plants and eliminating about 3,600 jobs .
But analysts saidearly results from the reorganization have been disappointing , especially in Europe , and there were signs that the board became impatient .
The company 's prepared statement quoted him as saying ,  The CEO succession is well along and I 've decided for personal reasons to take early retirement . ''
He owns about 45,000 shares of Campbell stock and has options to buy more than 100,000 additional shares .
During Mr. McGovern 's nine-year term as president , the company 's sales rose to $ 5.7 billion from $ 2.8 billion and net income increased to $ 274 million from $ 130 million , the statement said.
Mr. Baum saidhe and Mr. Harper both advocated closing some plants as long ago as early 1988 .
Mr. Harper expressed confidence that he and Mr. Baum can convince the board of their worthiness to run the company .
Mr. Baum saidthe two have orders to  focus on bottom-line profits '' and to  take a hard look at our businesses -- what is good , what is not so good . ''
Analysts generally applaud the performance of Campbell U.S.A. , the company 's largest division , which posted 6 % unit sales growth and a 15 % improvement in operating profit for fiscal 1989 .
In the interview at headquarters yesterday afternoon , both men exuded confidence and seemed to work well together .
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Robert L. Bernstein , chairman and president of Random House Inc. , announced his resignation from the publishing househe has run for 23 years .
In an interview , Mr. Bernstein saidhis departure  evolved out of discussions with Si Newhouse and that 's the decisionI reached . ''
Mr. Bernstein saidhe will stay until Dec. 31 and work with his successor , who is to be named soon .
Mr. Newhouse , meanwhile , insisted that he is n't unhappy with Mr. Bernstein or the performance of Random House , the largest trade publishing house in the U.S. .
Bob has an agenda and this seemed like the natural time . ''
Publishing officials believe that while Random House has enjoyed spectacular growth and has smoothly integrated many acquisitions in recent years , some of the bigger ones have n't been absorbed so easily .
Possible candidates include Susan Petersen , president of Ballantine\/Del Rey\/Fawcett , Random House 's huge and successful paperback division .
There is also speculation that Mr. Newhouse could bring in a powerhouse businessman or another Newhouse family memberto run the business side , in combination with a publishing executive like Robert Gottlieb , who left Random House 's Alfred A. Knopf to run the New Yorker , also owned by the Newhouse family .
Not included on the most-likely-successor list are Joni Evans , recruited two years ago to be publisher of adult trade books for Random House , and Sonny Mehta , president of the prestigious Alfred A. Knopf unit .
Mr. Mehta is widely viewed as a brilliant editor but a less-than-brilliant administrator and his own departure was rumored recently .
Congress learned during the Reagan administration that it could intimidate the executive branch by uttering again and again the same seven words :  Provided , that no funds shall be spent ... . ''
It signals Congress 's attempt , under the pretext of guarding the public purse , to deny the president the funding necessary to execute certain of his duties and prerogatives specified in Article II of the Constitution .
This species of congressional action is predicated on an interpretation of the appropriations clause that is erroneous and unconstitutional .
As partisans of congressional power understand , a  power of the purse '' so broadly construed would emasculate the presidency and swallow the principle of separation of powers .
It is not supported by the text or history of the Constitution .
Moreover , the framers believed that the nation needed a unitary executive with the independence and resourcesto perform the executive functions that the Confederation Congress had performed poorly under the Articles of Confederation .
It would contradict that objective if the appropriations clause -LRB- technically a limitation on legislative power -RRB- could be read as placing the president on Congress 's short leash , making the executive consist of the president and every member of Congress .
During the coming weeks , President Bush must decide whether to veto the bills containing them -- or , alternatively , to sign these bills into law with a statement declaring their intrusions on executive power to be in violation of Article II , and thus void and severable .
Article II places on the president the duty to nominate ,  and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate '' appoint , ambassadors , judges , and other officers of the U.S. .
Yet Section 605 of the appropriations bill for the executive office provides :  No part of any appropriation for the current fiscal year contained in this or any other Act shall be paid to any person for the filling of any position for which he or she has been nominated after the Senate has voted not to approve the nomination of said person . ''
Such laws violate the provision in Article II that requires the president to make recommendations to Congress , but which gives the president the discretionto select the subject matter of those recommendations .
Typically , these laws seek to prevent executive branch officials from inquiring into whether certain federal programs make any economic sense or proposing more market-oriented alternatives to regulations .
Probably the most egregious example is a proviso in the appropriations bill for the executive office that prevents the president 's Office of Management and Budget from subjecting agricultural marketing orders to any cost-benefit scrutiny .
There is something inherently suspect about Congress 's prohibiting the executive from even studying whether public funds are being wasted in some favored program or other .
Perhaps none of the unconstitutional conditions contained in the appropriations bills for fiscal 1990 better illustrates Congress 's attempt to usurp executive power than Section 609 of the executive-office bill :  None of the funds made available pursuant to the provisions of this Act shall be used to implement , administer , or enforce any regulation which has been disapproved pursuant to a resolution of disapproval duly adopted in accordance with the applicable law of the United States . ''
This provision amounts to a legislative veto over the president 's execution of the law , since a one-house resolution could be said to be  duly adopted '' even though it would require neither bicameral action in Congress nor presentation to the president for his signature or veto .
The Supreme Court 's decision in INS v. Chadha held that legislative vetoes are unconstitutional .
President Bush should veto appropriations acts that contain these kinds of unconstitutional conditions on the president 's ability to discharge his duties and exercise his prerogatives .
By 1987 , then-Speaker Jim Wright was discussing arms control in Moscow with Mikhail Gorbachev and then attempting to direct the president , through an appropriations rider , to treat the Soviets as though the Senate had ratified SALT II .
If a veto is unworkable because it would leave part of the executive branch unfunded , the president could sign the appropriations bills into law and assert a power of excision , declaring the rider restricting his Article II powers to be unconstitutional and severable .
Excision of appropriations riders that trespass on the president 's duties and prerogative under Article II would be different from the line-item veto .
In that case , he might receive an opinion from the court that is a vindication of the president 's right to perform the duties and exercise the prerogativesthe framers thoughtshould be entrusted to the executive .
If President Bush loses at the court , it might be disappointing , as Morrison v. Olson was for the Reagan administration .
If he does not , he will help realize Madison 's fear in The Federalist No. 48 of a legislature  everywhere extending the sphere of its activity and drawing all powers into its impetuous vortex . ''
His longer analysis of executive power and the appropriations clause is to appear in the Duke Law Journal later this year .
Net cash income -- the amount left in farmers ' pockets after deducting expenses from gross cash income -- increased in 33 states in 1988 , as the drought cut into crop yields and drove up commodity prices , the department 's Economic Research Service reportedyesterday .
The worst crop damage occurred in the Midwestern Corn Belt and the northern Great Plains .
What saved many farmers from a bad year was the opportunity to reclaim large quantities of grain and other crops that they had  mortgaged '' to the government under price-support loan programs .
In less parched areas , meanwhile , farmers who had little or no loss of production profited greatly from the higher prices .
To the surprise of some analysts , net cash income rose in some of the hardest-hit states , including Indiana , Illinois , Nebraska and the Dakotas .
It also helps explain the reluctance of the major farm lobbies and many lawmakers to make any significant changes in the 1985 farm program next year .
At the same time , export demand for U.S. wheat , corn and other commodities strengthened , said Keith Collins , a department analyst .
California led the nation with $ 6.5 billion in net cash income last year , followed by Texas , $ 3.9 billion ; Iowa , $ 3.4 billion ; Florida , $ 3.1 billion ; and Minnesota , $ 2.7 billion .
Iowa and Minnesota were among the few major farm statesto log a decline in net cash income .
Indeed , net cash income is likely to fall this year as farm expenses rise and government payments to farmers decline .
At the same time , an increase of land under cultivation after the drought has boosted production of corn , soybeans and other commodities , causing a fall in prices that has been only partly cushioned by heavy grain buying by the Soviets .
Payments are expected to range between $ 9 billion and $ 12 billion this year .
But it faces stiff competition in Orange County from the Orange County Register , which sells more than 300,000 copies a day , and in the San Fernando Valley from the Los Angeles Daily News , which sells more than 170,000 .
Nearby cities such as Pasadena and Long Beach also have large dailies .
Speculation had it that the company was asking $ 100 million for an operation said to be losing about $ 20 million a year , but others saidHearst might have virtually given the paper away .
An attempted buy-out led by John J. McCabe , chief operating officer , never materialized , and a stream of what one staff member dismissed as  tire-kickers and lookee-loos '' had filed through since .
The prospective buyers included investor Marvin Davis and the Toronto Sun .
Los Angeles is a sprawling , balkanized newspaper market , and advertisers seemed to feelthey could buy space in the mammoth Times , then target a particular area with one of the regional dailies .
Further , the Herald seemed torn editorially between keeping its old-time Hearst readership -- blue-collar and sports-oriented -- and trying to provide a sprightly , upscale alternative to the sometimes staid Times .
Hearst had flirted with a conversion to tabloid format for years but never executed the plan .
The Herald joins the Baltimore News-American , which folded , and the Boston Herald-American , which was sold , as cornerstones of the old Hearst newspaper empire abandoned by the company in the 1980s .
 Actually , the long deterioration in daily newspapers shows signs of coming to an end , and the industry looks pretty healthy . ''
Founded as the Examiner in 1903 by Mr. Hearst , the Herald was crippled by a bitter , decade-long strike that began in 1967 and cut circulation in half .
He and his successor , Mary Anne Dolan , restored respect for the editorial product , and though in recent years the paper had been limping along on limited resources , its accomplishments were notable .
The Herald 's sports coverage and arts criticism were also highly regarded .
Robert J. Danzig , vice president and general manager of Hearst Newspapers , stood up in the paper 's newsroom yesterday and announced that no buyers had stepped forward and that the paper would fold , putting more than 730 full-time employees out of work .
Hearst saidit would provide employees with a placement service and pay them for 60 days .
 I 'm doing the main story , and I 'm already two beers drunk , '' said reporter Andy Furillo , whom the Times hired away several years ago but who returned to the Herald out of preference .
The radio-station owner and programmer saidit was trying to obtain additional working capital from its senior secured lenders and other financial institutions .
American Express Co. and General Motors Corp. 's beleaguered Buick division are joining forces in a promotion aimed at boosting Buick 's sales while encouraging broader use of the American Express card .
The companies are giving four-day vacations for two to Buick buyers who charge all or part of their down payments on the American Express green card .
They have begun sending letters explaining the program , which began Oct. 18 and will end Dec. 18 , to about five million card holders .
Buick approached American Express about a joint promotion because its card holders generally have a  good credit history '' and are  good at making payments , '' says a spokeswoman for the division .
Traditionally , the card has been used mainly for travel and entertainment expenses .
Phillip Riese , an American Express executive vice president , saysthe promotion with Buick is his company 's first with an auto maker , but  hopefully -LCB- will be -RCB- the first of many '' in the company 's effort to promote its green card as  the total car-care card . ''
To that end , American Express has been signing up gasoline companies , car repair shops , tire companies and car dealers to accept the card .
Many auto dealers now let car buyers charge part or all of their purchase on the American Express card , but few card holders realize this , Mr. Riese says.
Until now , however , buyers who wanted to finance part of a car purchase through General Motors Acceptance Corp. could n't put their down payment on a charge card because of possible conflicts with truth-in-lending and state disclosure laws over finance rates , says a spokesman for the GM finance arm .
But GMAC approved the Buick program , he says, because the American Express green card requires payment in full upon billing , and so does n't carry any finance rates .
Mr. Riese saysAmerican Express considers GM and Buick  very sophisticated direct-mail marketers , '' so  by joining forces with them we have managed to maximize our direct-mail capability . ''
When the company asked members in a mailing which cars they would like to get information about for possible future purchases , Buick came in fourth among U.S. cars and in the top 10 of all cars , the spokeswoman says.
American Express has more than 24 million card holders in the U.S. , and over half have the green card .
A spokesman for Visa International 's U.S. subsidiary sayshis company is using promotions to increase use of its cards , but does n't have plans for a tie-in similar to the American Express-Buick link .
Three divisions at American Express are working with Buick on the promotion : the establishment services division , which is responsible for all merchants and companies that accept the card ; the travel division ; and the merchandise sales division .
The vacation packages include hotel accommodations and , in some cases , tours or tickets to local attractions , but not meals .
Destinations are Chicago ; Honolulu ; Las Vegas , Nev. ; Los Angeles ; Miami Beach , Fla. ; New Orleans ; New York ; Orlando , Fla. ; San Francisco ; and Washington , D.C.
A buyer who chooses to fly to his destination must pay for his own ticket but gets a companion 's ticket free if they fly on United Airlines .
In lieu of the vacation , buyers can choose among several prizes , including a grandfather clock or a stereo videocassette recorder .
Card holders who receive the letter also are eligible for a sweepstakes with Buick cars or a Hawaii vacation as prizes .
The United Kingdom High Court declared illegal a variety of interest-rate swap transactions and options deals between a London borough council and commercial banks .
The ruling could lead to the cancellation of huge bank debtsthe London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham ran up after losing heavily on swap transactions .
As many as 70 U.K. and international banks stand to lose several hundred million pounds should the decision be upheld and set a precedent for other municipalities .
Gilts , or British government bonds , which also fell sharply initially , retraced some of the losses to end about 3\/8 point lower .
Although the Hammersmith and Fulham council was by far the most active local authority engaging in such capital-markets transactions , the court decision could set a precedent for similar transactions by 77 other local councils .
Already , 10 local councils have refused to honor fees and payments to banks incurred during various swaps dealings .
Other financial institutions involved include Barclays Bank PLC , Midland Bank PLC , Security Pacific Corp. , Chemical Banking Corp. 's Chemical Bank , Citicorp 's Citibank and Mitsubishi Finance International .
The banks have 28 daysto file an appeal against the ruling and are expected to do so shortly .
In the aftermath of the stock market 's gut-wrenching 190-point drop on Oct. 13 , Kidder , Peabody & Co. 's 1,400 stockbrokers across the country began a telephone and letter-writing campaign aimed at quashing the country 's second-largest program trader .
Since October 's minicrash , Wall Street has been shaken by an explosion of resentment against program trading , the computer-driven , lightning-fast trades of huge baskets of stocks and futures that can send stock prices reeling in minutes .
The real battle is over who will control that market and reap its huge rewards .
On one side of this power struggle stand the forces in ascendency on Wall Street -- the New Guard -- consisting of high-tech computer wizards at the major brokerage firms , their pension fund clients with immense pools of money , and the traders at the fast-growing Chicago futures exchanges .
Defending their ramparts are Wall Street 's Old Guard -- the traditional , stock-picking money managers , tens of thousands of stock brokers , the New York Stock Exchange 's listed companies and the clannish floor traders , known as specialists , who make markets in their stocks .
So far , Wall Street 's Old Guard seems to be winning the program-trading battle , successfully mobilizing public and congressional opinion to bludgeon their tormentors .
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange , a major futures marketplace , yesterday announced the addition of another layer of trading halts designed to slow program traders during a rapidly falling stock market , and the Big Board is expected today to approve some additional restrictions on program trading .
A few , such as giant Merrill Lynch & Co. , now refuse even to do index arbitrage trades for clients .
The Old Guard 's assault on program trading and its practitioners has been fierce and broad-based , in part because some Old Guard members feeltheir very livelihood is at stake .
Some , such as traditional money manager Neuberger & Berman , have taken out national newspaper advertisements demanding that market regulators  stop the numbers racket on Wall Street . ''
Its new products and trading techniques have been highly profitable .
Program trading money managers have gained control over a big chunk of the invested funds in this country , and the pressures on such money managers to produce consistent profits has wedded them to the ability to move rapidly in and out the market that program trading gives them .
What 's more , the last timemajor Wall Street firms saidthey were getting out of program trading -- in the aftermath of the 1987 crash -- they waited a few months and then sneaked back into it .
Last week , Robert M. Bradley , one of the Big Board 's most respected floor traders and head of a major traders ' organization , surrendered .
He sold his exchange seat and wrote a bitter letter to Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. in which he saidthe Big Board is too focused on machines , rather than people .
The battle has turned into a civil war at some firms and organizations , causing internal contradictions and pitting employee against employee .
At Kidder , a unit of General Electric Co. , and other big brokerage firms , stockbrokers battle their own firm 's program traders a few floors away .
Corporations like Contel denounce program trading , yet Contel has in the past hired pension fund managers like Bankers Trust Co. that are also big program traders .
The Big Board -- the nation 's premier stock exchange -- is sharply divided between its floor traders and its top executives .
Its entrenched 49 stock specialists firms are fighting tooth and nail against programs .
Again and again , program-trading 's critics raise the  casino '' theme .
Critics like Mr. Murray  are looking for witches , and people who use computers to trade are a convenient boogieman , '' saysJ. Thomas Allen , president of Advanced Investment Management Inc. , a Pittsburgh firm that runs a $ 200 million fund that uses index arbitrage .
Like other forms of arbitrage , it merely seeks to take advantage of momentary discrepancies in the price of a single product -- in this case , a basket of stocks -- in different markets -- in this case the New York Stock Exchange and the Chicago futures markets .
When it occurs , the traders place orders via computers to buy the basket of stocks -LRB- such as the 500 stocks that constitute the Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index -RRB- in whichever market is cheaper and sell them in the more expensive market ; they lock in the difference in price as profit .
Such program trades , which can involve the purchase or sale of millions of dollars of stock , occur in a matter of seconds .
The speed with which such program trades take place and the volatile price movementsthey can cause are what program trading critics profess to despise .
 If you continue to do this , the investor becomes frightened -- any investor : the odd lotter , mutual funds and pension funds , '' says Larry Zicklin , managing partner at Neuberger & Berman .
But many experts and traders say that program trading is n't the main reason for stock-market gyrations .
The Oct. 13 plunge was triggered not by program traders , but by news of the unraveling of the $ 6.79 billion buy-out of UAL Corp .
Unable to unload UAL and other airline shares , takeover-stock speculators , or risk arbitragers , dumped every blue-chip stockthey had .
Many arbs are  overleveraged , '' she says, and they  have to sell when things look like they fall apart . ''
Like virtually everything on Wall Street , the program-trading battle is over money , and the traditionalists have been losing out on bundles of it to the New Guard in recent years .
Take the traditional money managers , or  stock pickers , '' as they are derisively known among the computer jockeys .
Traditional stock managers like to charge 50 cents to 75 cents for every $ 100they manage for big institutional investors , and higher fees for smaller investors .
Today , about $ 200 billion , or 20 % of all pension-fund stock investments , is held by index funds .
The new Wall Street of computers and automated trading threatens to make dinosaurs of the 49 Big Board stock-specialist firms .
These small but influential floor brokers long have earned fat returns of 30 % to 40 % a year on their capital , by virtue of their monopoly in making markets in individual stocks .
The son of a specialist and once one himself , Mr. Phelan has nonetheless been striving -- with products like the new stock basket that his former colleagues dislike so much -- to keep index funds and other program traders from taking their business to overseas markets .
 The buyers walk away , and the specialist is left alone '' as the buyer of last resort for his stable of stocks , he contends.
They are still trying to lure back small investors spooked by the 1987 stock-market crash and the market 's swings since then .
 Small investors are absolutely dismayed that Wall Street is stacking the deck against them , and these wide swings are scaring them to death , '' says Raymond A. Mason , chairman of regional broker Legg Mason Inc. in Baltimore .
Stockbrokers ' business and pay has been falling .
 Do you make sweatshirts or sparkplugs ?
Among the top practitioners were Wall Street blue bloods : Morgan Stanley & Co. , Kidder Peabody , Merrill Lynch , Salomon Brothers Inc. and PaineWebber Group Inc .
But then came Oct. 13 and the negative publicity orchestrated by the Old Guard , particularly against index arbitrage .
The indexers ' strategy for the moment is to hunker down and let the furor die .
 Wall Street 's cash cow has been gored , but I do n't thinkanyone has proven that index arbitrage is the problem . ''
For example , stock-index futures began trading in Chicago in 1982 , and within two years they were the fastest-growing futures contract ever launched .
Stock futures trading has minted dozens of millionaires in their 20s and 30s .
The Big Board 's directors meet today to approve some program-trading restrictions , but a total ban is n't being considered , Big Board officials say.
Program trading is here to stay , and computers are here to stay , and we just need to understand it . ''
Currently , margins on stock futures purchases are much lower -- roughly 7 % compared with 50 % for stocks -- making the futures market much faster and potentially more speculative .
Higher margins would chase away dozens of smaller traders who help larger traders buy and sell , they say .
But in 1986 , program traders received what amounted to an exemption from the uptick rule in certain situations , to make it easier to link the stock and futures markets .
Program traders argue that a reinstatement of the rule would destroy the  pricing efficiency '' of the futures and stock markets .
In index arbitrage , the widget is the S&P 500 , and its price is constantly compared between the futures market in Chicago and the stock markets largely in New York .
To profit from an index-arbitrage opportunity , someone who owns the S&P 500 widget in New York must sell it and replace it with a cheaper S&P 500 widget in Chicago .
If the money manager performing this service is being paid by his clients to match or beat the return of the S&P 500 index , he is likely to remain fully invested at all times .
-LRB- Few , if any , index-fund managers will risk leveraging performance by owning more than 100 % exposure to stocks , and equally few will want to own less than a 100 % position should stocks rise . -RRB-
By constantly seeking to own the cheapest widget , index-arbitrage traders hope to add between 1 % and 3 % to the annual return of the S&P 500 .
As more managers pursue the index-arbitrage strategy , these small opportunities between markets will be reduced and , eventually , eliminated .
The current opportunities arise because the process for executing a buy or sell order in the actual stocks that make up the S&P 500 is more cumbersome than transacting in the futures market .
The New York Stock Exchange 's attempt to introduce a new portfolio basket is evidence of investors ' desires to make fast and easy transactions of large numbers of shares .
All arguments against program trading , even those pressed without fact , conclude with three expected results after  reforms '' are implemented : 1 -RRB- reduced volatility , 2 -RRB- a long-term investment focus , and 3 -RRB- a level playing field for the small investor .
An index-arbitrage trade is never executed unless there is sufficient difference between the markets in New York and Chicagoto cover all transaction costs .
Think about what causes the difference in prices between the two markets for S&P 500 stocks -- usually it is large investors initiating a buy or sell in Chicago .
The start of the whole process is the key - someone must fundamentally increase or decrease his ownership in widgets to make widget prices move .
Perhaps he is willing to sacrifice to the arbitrage trader some small profit in order to get quick and certain execution of his large trade .
In a competitive market , this investor has many waysto execute his transactions , and he will have more alternatives -LRB- both foreign and domestic -RRB- if his volume is profitablefor an exchange to handle .
Volatility surrounding his trades occurs not because of index arbitrage , but because his is a large addition or subtraction to a widget market with finite liquidity .
Eliminate arbitrage and liquidity will decline instead of rising , creating more volatility instead of less .
The speed of his transaction is n't to be feared either , because faster and cleaner execution is desirable , not loathsome .
We must be very cautious about labeling investors as  long-term '' or  short-term . ''
The ultimate goal of any investor is a profit motive , and regulators should not concern themselves with whether investors are sufficiently focused on the long term .
A free market with a profit motive will attract each investor to the liquidity and riskshe can tolerate .
Periods before the advent of futures or program trading were often more volatile , usually when fundamental market conditions were undergoing change -LRB- 1973-75 , 1937-40 , and 1928-33 for example -RRB- .
This argument is perhaps the most interesting one for abolishing program trading -- not because of its merits , but because of the firms championing the cause .
They continually advise their clients on which individual stocks to buy or sell , while their clients continue to hope for superior performance .
Even with mutual funds , the little investor continues to tolerate high fees , high commissions and poor performance , while index-fund managers slowly amass a better record with lower fees , lower commissions and less risk .
Almost all new regulation is introduced in the interests of protecting the little guy , and he invariably is the one least able to cope with its consequences .
Cost-effective index funds just are n't sexy enough to justify the high fees and commissions that retail customers frequently pay , and that institutional customers refuse to pay .
Each new trading roadblock is likely to be beaten by institutions seeking better waysto serve their high-volume clients , here or overseas .
Left to its own devices , index arbitrage will become more and more efficient , making it harder and harderto do profitably .
If government or private watchdogs insist , however , on introducing greater friction between the markets -LRB- limits on price moves , two-tiered execution , higher margin requirements , taxation , etc. -RRB- , the end loser will be the markets themselves .
Instead , we ought to be inviting more liquidity with cheaper waysto trade and transfer capital among all participants .
The funding mechanism , which has received congressional approval and is expected to be signed by President Bush , would affect the antitrust operations of the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission .
To offset the reduction , Congress approved a $ 20,000 fee that investors and companies will have to pay each timethey make required filings to antitrust regulators about mergers , acquisitions and certain other transactions .
But Justice Department and FTC officials saidthey expect the filing fees to make up for the budget reductions and possibly exceed them .
Under that law , parties proposing mergers or acquisitions valued at $ 15 million or more must notify FTC and Justice Department antitrust regulators before completing the transactions .
Proponents of the funding arrangement predict that , based on recent filing levels of more than 2,000 a year , the fees will yield at least $ 40 million this fiscal year , or $ 10 million more than the budget cuts .
 When you do that , there is not a cut , but there is in fact a program increase of $ 5 million '' each for the FTC and the Justice Department , Rep. Neal Smith -LRB- D. , Iowa -RRB- saidduring House debate .
The antitrust staffs of both the FTC and Justice Department were cut more than 40 % in the Reagan administration , and enforcement of major merger cases fell off drastically during that period .
Corporate lawyers saidthe new fees would n't inhibit many mergers or other transactions .
But the 1989 fall total of 80 , while well below 1988 activity , shows  a steady ratcheting up in citizen referenda and initiatives , '' saysPatrick McGuigan , editor of Family , Law and Democracy Report .
Hot ballot topics are expected to be abortion , the environment and insurance reform .
This information used to be poorly documented and largely anecdotal , saysBeth Gates-Warren of Sotheby 's .
Corporations and museums are among the serious buyers , giving greater market stability , saysRobert Persky of the Photograph Collector .
Most in demand : classic photographs by masters such as Stieglitz and Man Ray .
Currently a $ 300 million-a-year business , 900 telephone service is expected to hit $ 500 million next year and near $ 2 billion by 1992 as uses for the service continue to expand , saysJoel Gross of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Inc .
The service -- which costs the caller from 30 cents to $ 25 a minute -- currently is dominated by celebrity chatter , horoscopes and romance lines .
But more serious applications are in the wings , and that is where the future growth is expected .
 I 'm starting to see more business transactions , '' says Andrea West of American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , noting growing interest in use of 900 service for stock sales , software tutorials and even service contracts .
Charities test the waters , but they face legal barriers to electronic fund raising .
Patients who receive canine or feline visitors are found to have lower blood pressure and improved appetite and be more receptive to therapy , saysMary Ann O'Loughlin , program coordinator .
Hammacher Schlemmer & Co. offers a fiber-optic Christmas tree that eliminates the need to string lights .
MEDICINE TRANSPLANT : Growth of Japanese trade and travel prompts Beth Israel Medical Center , New York , to set up a bilingual medical practice .
Funded by a $ 1 million gift from Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance , the service will follow Japanese medical protocols , including emphasis on preventative medicine .
Concerned about shrinking landfills and the safety of chemicals used in super-absorbent disposables , parents are returning to the cloth diaper .
Program trading is  a racket , '' complainsEdward Egnuss , a White Plains , N.Y. , investor and electronics sales executive ,  and it 's not to the benefit of the small investor , that 's for sure . ''
But like Mr. Egnuss , few expect it to be halted entirely , and a surprising number doubtit should be .
He notes that program traders have a commission cost advantage because of the quantity of their trades , that they have a smaller margin requirement than individual investors do and that they often can figure out earlier where the market is heading .
He also considers the market overvalued and cites the troubles in junk bonds .
At the Charles Schwab & Co. office in Atlanta 's Buckhead district , a group of investors voices skepticism that federal officials would curb program trading .
Citing the October 1987 crash , Glenn Miller says ,  It 's like the last crash -- they threatened , but no one did anything . ''
A. Donald Anderson , a 59-year-old Los Angeles investor who saysthe stock market 's  fluctuations and gyrations give me the heebie-jeebies , '' does n't see much point in outlawing program trading .
Similarly , Rick Wamre , a 31-year-old asset manager for a Dallas real-estate firm , would like to see program trading disappear because  I ca n't see that it does anything for the market or the country . ''
 I 'd much rather see them dealing with interest rates and the deficit . ''
Peter Anthony , who runs an employment agency in New York , decries program trading as  limiting the game to a few , '' but he also is n't sureit should be more strictly regulated .
And surprising numbers of small investors seem to be adapting to greater stock market volatility and saythey can live with program trading .
Also in New York , Israel Silverman , an insurance-company lawyer , comments that program trading  increases volatility , but I do n't thinkit should be banned .
Arbitraging on differences between spot and futures prices is an important part of many financial markets , he says.
He adds that his shares in a company savings plan are invested in a mutual fund , and volatility , on a given day , may hurt the fund .
Mrs. Gorman took advantage of low prices after the 1987 crash to buy stocks and has hunted for other bargains since the Oct. 13 plunge .
Young 's Market Co. , a wholesaler of spirits , wines and other goods , saidit will merge with a new corporation formed by the Underwood family , which controls Young 's .
Researchers at American Telephone & Telegraph Co. 's Bell Laboratories reportedthey raised the electrical current-carrying capacity of new superconductor crystals by a factor of 100 , moving the materials closer to commercial use .
The scientists saidthey made the advance with yttrium-containing superconductors cooled to liquid-nitrogen temperature , or minus 321 degrees Fahrenheit .
The finding marks a significant step in research on  bulk '' superconductors , which are aimed at use in wires for motors , magnets , generators and other applications .
Scientists had obtained even higher current-carrying capacity in thin films of the new superconductors , but have had problems increasing the amount of current that bulk crystals could carry .
A family of ceramic superconductors discovered during the past three years promise new technologies such as cheaper electrical generation -- but only if their current-carrying capacity can be raised .
Mr. van Dover saidthe AT&T team created the desired crystal changes by bombarding superconductor samples with neutrons , a process that creates some radioactivity in the samples and may not be feasible for large-scale commercial use .
William C. Walbrecher Jr. , an executive at San Francisco-based 1st Nationwide Bank , was named president and chief executive officer of Citadel Holding Corp. and its principal operating unit , Fidelity Federal Bank .
He succeeds James A. Taylor , who stepped down as chairman , president and chief executive in March for health reasons .
Separately , Citadel posted a third-quarter net loss of $ 2.3 million , or 68 cents a share , versus net income of $ 5.3 million , or $ 1.61 a share , a year earlier .
Those included costs associated with the potential Valley Federal Savings and Loan Association acquisition , which was terminated on Sept. 27 , 1989 .
In addition , operating results were hit by an increase in loan and real estate loss reserves .
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Rated triple-A by both Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc .
$ 130 million of general obligation distributable state aid bonds due 1991-2000 and 2009 , tentatively priced by a Chemical Securities Inc. group to yield from 6.20 % in 1991 to 7.272 % in 2009 .
The bonds are insured and triple-A-rated .
$ 107 million of tax allocation bonds , 1989 Series A-D , due 1991-1999 , 2009 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. group to yield from 6.40 % in 1991 to 7.458 % in 2019 .
The 7 3\/8 % term bonds due 2009 are priced at 99 1\/2 to yield 7.422 % , and 7 3\/8 % term bonds due 2019 are priced at 99 to yield 7.458 % .
Maryland Community Development Administration , Department of Housing and Community Development --
$ 80.8 million of single-family program bonds , 1989 fourth and fifth series , tentatively priced by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group to yield from 6.25 % in 1992 for fourth series bonds to 7.74 % in 2029 for fifth series bonds .
They mature 1992-1999 , 2009 and 2017 .
The 7.40 % term bonds due 2009 are priced to yield 7.45 % , and 7.40 % term bonds due 2017 are priced to yield 7.50 % .
They mature in 2005 , 2009 and 2029 .
Bonds due in 2005 have a 7 1\/2 % coupon and are priced at par .
The 7 5\/8 % bonds due 2009 are priced to yield 7.65 % , and 7 5\/8 % bonds due 2029 are priced at 98 1\/2 to yield 7.74 % .
Takashima & Co . -LRB- Japan -RRB- --
Something like one-third of the nation 's 60 largest cities are thinking about new stadiums , ranging from Cleveland to San Antonio and St. Petersburg .
He has looked at 14 baseball and football stadiums and found that only one -- private Dodger Stadium -- brought more money into a city than it took out .
Last month , Phoenix voters turned thumbs down on a $ 100 million stadium bond and tax proposition .
Its backers fielded every important interest on their team -- a popular mayor , the Chamber of Commerce , the major media -- and spent $ 100,000 on promotion .
But voters decided that if the stadium was such a good idea someone would build it himself , and rejected it 59 % to 41 % .
Miami Dolphins owner Joe Robbie disagrees , and he can prove it .
Several years ago he gave up trying to persuade Miami to improve its city-owned Orange Bowl , and instead built his own $ 100 million coliseum with private funds .
But to Moon Landrieu , the former New Orleans mayor who helped build that city 's cavernous , money-losing Superdome , questions of who benefits or the bottom line are of little relevance .
 It is the very building of it that is important , not how much of it is used or its economics . ''
Today taxpayers get to vote , most of the time , on whether they want to finance the building schemes of our modern political pharaohs , or let private money erect these playgrounds for public passions .
Reed International PLC said that net income for the six months ended Oct. 1 slipped 5 % to # 89.7 million -LRB- $ 141.9 million -RRB- , or 16 pence a share , from # 94.8 million -LRB- $ 149.9 million -RRB- , or 17.3 pence a share .
The British paper , packaging and publishing concern , saidprofit from continuing lines fell 10 % to # 118 million from # 130.6 million .
While there were no one-time gains or losses in the latest period , there was a one-time gain of # 18 million in the 1988 period .
Pretax profit fell 3.7 % to # 128 million from # 133 million and was below analysts ' expectations of # 130 million to # 135 million , but shares rose 6 pence to 388 pence in early trading yesterday in London .
Securities firms are among the biggest issuers of commercial paper , or short-term corporate IOUs , which they sell to finance their daily operations .
But Moody 's warned that Shearson 's commercial paper rating could be lowered soon , a move that would reduce Shearson 's profit margins on its borrowings and signal trouble ahead for other firms .
Standard & Poor 's Corp. saysFirst Boston , Shearson and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , in particular , are likely to have difficulty shoring up their credit standing in months ahead .
What worries credit-rating concerns the most is that Wall Street firms are taking long-term risks with their own capital via leveraged buy-out and junk bond financings .
Whereas conventional securities financings are structured to be sold quickly , Wall Street 's new penchant for leveraged buy-outs and junk bonds is resulting in long-term lending commitments that stretch out for months or years .
 The recent disarray in the junk bond market suggests that brokers may become longer-term creditors than they anticipated and may face long delays '' in getting their money back , saysJeffrey Bowman , a vice president at S&P , which raised a warning flag for the industry in April when it downgraded CS First Boston .
Merchant banking , where firms commit their own money ,  is getting riskier , and there 's less of itto go around . ''
In a leveraged buy-out , a small group of investors acquires a company in a transaction financed largely by borrowing , with the expectation that the debt will be paid with funds generated by the acquired company 's operations or sales of its assets .
Both Moody 's and S&P cited First Boston 's reliance in recent years on merchant banking , which has been responsible for a significant portion of the closely held firm 's profit .
The collapse of junk bond prices and the cancellation of many junk bond financings apparently have taken their toll on closely held Drexel , the leading underwriter in that market .
Drexel this year eliminated its retail or individual customer business , cutting the firm 's workforce almost in half to just over 5,000 .
 And as a leading investment and merchant banking firm , the fact that we are no longer subject to the uncertainties and vicissitudes of the retail business is a major plus in our view .
Lewis C. Veraldi , the father of the team that created the highly successful Ford Taurus and Mercury Sable cars , retired early after experiencing recent heart problems .
Most recently , Mr. Veraldi , 59 years old , has been vice president of product and manufacturing engineering at Ford Motor Co .
But he is best known in the auto industry as the creator of a team car-development approach that produced the two midsized cars that were instrumental in helping the No. 2 auto maker record profits in recent years and in enabling the company 's Ford division to eclipse General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division as the top-selling nameplate in the U.S. .
Under the so-called Team Taurus approach , Mr. Veraldi and other Ford product planners sought the involvement of parts suppliers , assembly-line workers , auto designers and financial staff members from the initial stages of the development cycle .
The concept 's goal was to eliminate bureaucracy and make Ford 's product development more responsive to consumer demands .
It was later applied to other new-car programs , including those that produced the Ford Thunderbird and Mercury Cougar .
Mr. Veraldi worked at Ford for 40 years , holding a variety of car and parts-engineering positions .
We can understand and share the compassion that makes judges sometimes wish to offer a kind of Solomonic aid to those who 've been hurt .
But this case is a stark lesson in how the failures of the traditional policy-making process have left the courts as the only forumthis country hasto debate risk , technology and innovation .
From the 1940s until 1971 , some two million women took the synthetic hormone diethylstilbestrol -LRB- DES -RRB- to prevent miscarriages and morning sickness .
The drug was approved by the Food and Drug Administration and marketed by some 300 pharmaceutical companies , often under generic labels .
The cases quickly went to court , but the mothers of several thousand DES plaintiffs could n't recall whose brand they used .
Beginning in 1980 , courts in several states including California and New York decided to suspend the common-law rule that plaintiffs must prove that the defendants are the ones who are liable .
Courts made the assumption that all DES pills were essentially the same , and created a market-share test so that damages would be assessed against drug makers in the proportion of their share of the original sales .
Just as all plaintiffs are not alike , it turns out that DES defendants marketed the drugs differently and may have offered different warranties .
The ultimate result came in Hymowitz v. Lilly , where the highest New York court expanded the market-share approach for the first time to say that drug makers that could proveMindy Hymowitz 's mother did n't use their pill must still pay their share of any damages .
Despite the Supreme Court 's refusal to hear the case , there are serious constitutional issues of due process and uncompensated takings from the defendants .
The big problem , however , is that there 's no guarantee that this reasoning will be limited to DES or to drugs .
 Public policy favors the development and marketing of beneficial new drugs , even though some risks , perhaps serious ones , might accompany their introduction because drugs can save lives and reduce pain and suffering , '' the unanimous court said .
We now know that holding drug makers liable where there 's no evidence that they or anyone else knew of any risks only meansthe drugs wo n't be available to anyone .
We also know that the tort system is a lousy wayto compensate victims anyway ; some win the legal lottery , others get much less and contingency-fee lawyers take a big cut either way .
DES daughters and other victims of drugs would be better off if their cases were taken out of the courts .
We have no doubtthis is one reasonjudges in New York and justices on the Supreme Court are willing to trash the law in the DES cases .
They must figure that justice has to get done by somebody , but knowit wo n't be done by Congress .
May Stores , St. Louis , runs such well-known department stores as Lord & Taylor .
The Dutch chemical group saidnet income gained to 235 million guilders -LRB- $ 113.2 million -RRB- , or 6.70 guilders a share , from 144 million guilders , or 4.10 guilders a share , a year ago .
Last year , DSM had 71 million guilders of extraordinary charges for the restructuring program and other transactions .
Allergan Inc. saidit received Food and Drug Administration approval to sell the PhacoFlex intraocular lens , the first foldable silicone lens available for cataract surgery .
The len 's foldability enables it to be inserted in smaller incisions than are now possible for cataract surgery , the eye care and skin care concern said.
Rep. Gary Ackerman noted that past food aid had harmed farmers in El Salvador and Egypt .
However well intentioned , food transfers have the habit of growing larger and wrecking the market incentives for the recipient country 's own farmers .
The company saidits industrial unit continues to face margin pressures and lower demand .
In fiscal 1989 , Elco earned $ 7.8 million , or $ 1.65 a share .
Oshkosh Truck Corp. , Oshkosh , Wis. , estimatedearnings for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 fell 50 % to 75 % below the year-earlier $ 4.5 million , or 51 cents a share .
In fiscal 1988 , the company earned $ 17.3 million , or $ 1.92 a share , on revenue of $ 352.9 million .
Oshkosh Truck attributed the downturn in its earnings to higher start-up costs of its new chassis division , a softer motor-home market and higher administrative costs of compliance with government contractor regulations .
Tokyo stocks edged up Wednesday in relatively active but unfocused trading .
Investors switched trading focus quickly as they did Tuesday , reflecting uncertainty about long-term commitments to any issue or sector , traders said.
Institutions mostly remained on the sidelines because of uncertainty regarding interest rates and the dollar .
The Tokyo Stock Price Index -LRB- Topix -RRB- of all issues listed in the First Section , which gained 16.05 points Tuesday , was down 1.46 points , or 0.05 % , at 2691.19 .
The Second Section index , which added 6.84 points Tuesday , was up 5.92 points , or 0.16 % , to close at 3648.82 .
Akio Yamamoto , managing director of Nomura Investment Trust Management , said that if the U.S. federal funds rate declines to around 8.5 % , institutions would acquire a clearer idea regarding the direction of the market and thus more comfortably participate in active buying .
Tokyu Group , Mitsubishi Estate and Bridgestone\/Firestone , which advanced Tuesday , declined on profit-taking .
Wednesday 's dominant issue was Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance , which continued to surge on rumors of speculative buying .
Due to continuingly high gold prices tied to uncertainty about the U.S. currency , investor interest was directed toward oil and mining shares , which traders called a  defensive '' action frequently taken when the dollar is expected to fall or during times of inflation .
Showa Shell gained 20 to 1,570 and Mitsubishi Oil rose 50 to 1,500 .
Sumitomo Metal Mining fell five yen to 692 and Nippon Mining added 15 to 960 .
London share prices were bolstered largely by continued gains on Wall Street and technical factors affecting demand for London 's blue-chip stocks .
There were concerns early in the day that Wall Street 's sharp gains on Tuesday were overdone and due for a reversal .
They cited Wall Street 's recent volatility and the lack of a clear indication over the market 's short-term direction as factors in the institutional caution .
Jaguar , a U.K. luxury auto maker being pursued by Ford Motor and General Motors , gained 10 pence -LRB- 16 cents -RRB- a share to close at 879 pence -LRB- $ 13.90 -RRB- .
Analysts saidthe fall in pretax profit was due to the group 's recent restructuring and sale of peripheral units , and that its remaining businesses are performing well .
Stock prices closed higher in Stockholm , Amsterdam and Frankfurt and lower in Zurich .
Paris , Brussels , and Milan were closed for a holiday .
Elsewhere , share prices closed higher in Singapore , Taipei and Wellington , were mixed in Hong Kong , lower in Seoul and little changed in Sydney .
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Intermec Corp. , offering of 1,050,000 common shares , via Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Piper , Jaffray & Hopwood Inc .
Middlesex Water Co. , offering of 150,000 shares of common stock , via Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc. and Howard , Weil , Labouisse , Friedrichs Inc .
Prime Motor Inns Inc. , offering of up to $ 300 million zero coupon convertible debentures , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Montgomery Securities .
Service Fracturing Co. , proposed offering of 1.2 million shares of common stock , via Lovett Mitchell Webb & Garrison , Inc. , and Blunt Ellis & Loewi Inc .
Western Gas Resources Inc. , initial offering of 3,250,000 shares of common stock , of which 3,040,000 shares will be sold by the company and 210,000 shares by a holder , via Prudential-Bache Capital Funding , Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc .
With lipsticks , liners , lotions and creams , There are still beauty plans leftto tackle : But as the years go by , it seems That before I paint , I should spackle .
Criminal charges were filed against Diceon Electronics Inc. and two company officials alleging waste disposal violations in its Chatsworth , Calif. , facility .
The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office filed seven felony and five misdemeanor counts charging that late last year and early this year the Irvine , Calif.-based circuit-board manufacturer illegally disposed of acid , caustic and heavy metals into the sewer system , and stored hazardous materials in leaky , unlabeled or open-top containers .
Named as defendants were Roland Matthews , president , and Peter Jonas , executive vice president and chief financial officer , as well as a former plant manager .
The company saidlocal authorities held hearings on the allegations last spring and had returned the plant to  routine inspection '' in August .
 The company does not feel that it or any of the individuals violated any criminal statute and the company expects full vindication in court . ''
 The sharp stock market decline in late October appears to have had little or no effect on consumers , '' said Fabian Linden , executive director of the Conference Board 's consumer research center .
The index was 116.9 in October 1988 and in the past year has ranged from a low of 112.9 to a high of 120.7 .
In October 1989 , 16.9 % saidmore jobs will be created in the coming six months , compared with 17.4 % in September and 18.6 % in October 1988 .
Only 26.8 % in October , compared with 28.5 % in September and 26.8 % in October 1988 , saidincome would increase .
 Unemployment continues at a relatively low level , providing a sense of job security , and a low inflation rate has kept the purchasing power of the weekly paycheck reasonably strong . ''
Buying plans were mixed in October , with fewer households indicating plans to buy cars and more sayingthey will buy homes and appliances in the coming six months .
In October , 30.6 % saidthey will buy appliances in the coming six months , compared with 27.4 % in September and 26.5 % in October 1988 .
Despite a deluge of economic news , the Treasury market remained quiet but the corporate market was abuzz over International Business Machines Corp. 's huge debt offering .
 There were so many economic reports but the market did n't care about any of them , '' said Kathleen Camilli , a money market economist at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
 So the focus turned to other fixed-income markets , corporate and mortgages in particular , '' she said .
IBM , the giant computer maker , offered $ 750 million of non-callable 30-year debentures priced to yield 8.47 % , or about 1\/2 percentage point higher than the yield on 30-year Treasury bonds .
The size of IBM 's issue was increased from an originally planned $ 500 million as money managers and investors scrambled to buy the bonds .
In the investment-grade corporate market ,  it 's rare that you get an opportunity to buy a name that has such broad appeal and has such attractive call features , '' saidJames Ednie , a Drexel industrial bond trader .
Syndicate officials at lead underwriter Salomon Brothers Inc. saidthe debentures were snapped by up pension funds , banks , insurance companies and other institutional investors .
 Whether you thoughtthe economy was growing weak or holding steady , yesterday 's economic indicators did n't change your opinion , '' said Charles Lieberman , a managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp .
A survey by the Federal Reserve 's 12 district banks and the latest report by the National Association of Purchasing Management blurred that picture of the economy .
In a monthly report prepared for use at the Fed 's next Federal Open Market Committee meeting on Nov. 14. , the nation 's central bank found that price increases have moderated and economic activity has grown at a sluggish pace in recent weeks .
Among other things , the survey found that manufacturing activity varied considerably across districts and among industries .
The Philadelphia and Cleveland districts , for example , reported declines in manufacturing activity while the Boston , Dallas and San Francisco banks noted that business expanded .
In a surprise announcement , the Treasury saidit will reopen the outstanding benchmark 30-year bond rather than create a new one for next week 's quarterly refunding of the federal debt .
The Treasury will raise $ 10 billion in fresh cash by selling $ 30 billion of securities , including $ 10 billion of new three-year notes and $ 10 billion of new 10-year notes .
The Treasury saidthe refunding is contingent upon congressional and presidential passage of an increase in the federal debt ceiling .
The benchmark 30-year bond about 1\/4 point , or $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Moody 's saidthose returns compare with a 3.8 % total return for longer-term Treasury notes and bonds .
Total return measures price changes and interest income .
Mortgage securities ended slightly higher but trailed gains in the Treasury market .
Ginnie Mae 's 9 % issue for November delivery finished at 98 5\/8 , up 2\/32 , and its 9 1\/2 % issue at 100 22\/32 , also up 2\/32 .
An official for the lead underwriter declined to comment on the reason for the delay , but market participants speculated that a number of factors , including a lack of investor interest , were responsible .
A $ 107.03 million offering of Santa Ana Community Redevelopment Agency , Calif. , tax allocation bonds got off to a slow start and may be repriced at lower levels today , according to an official with lead underwriter Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
Rumors to the contrary have been that it would be a six billion mark issue , or that the last Bund , a 7 % issue due October 1999 , would be increased by two billion marks .
Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered to double-C from triple-C the rating on about $ 130 million of debt .
The rating concern saidthe textile and clothing company 's interest expense exceeds operating profit  by a wide margin '' and it noted United 's estimated after-tax loss of $ 24 million for the year ended June 30 .
Net advanced to $ 94.2 million , or 89 cents a share , from $ 85 million , or 83 cents a share , including net realized investment gains of $ 31 million , up from $ 10 million a year ago .
The year-ago results included a $ 415 million charge in the 1988 second quarter for underperforming real estate and mortgage loans .
The British Department of Trade and Industry ordered an investigation of the competitive impact of Michelin Tyre PLC 's planned acquisition of National Tyre Service Ltd .
The department saidit referred the takeover to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission because of the purchase 's possible effects on the U.K. market for distribution of replacement tires .
Michelin officials could n't immediately comment on the referral , but they notedthe purchase from BTR has already been concluded .
The Michigan Democrat 's proposal , which is expected today , is described by government sources and lobbyists as significantly weaker than the Bush administration 's plan to cut utility emissions that lead to acid rain .
The proposal comes as a surprise even to administration officials and temporarily throws into chaos the House 's work on clean-air legislation .
As chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , Mr. Dingell has almost single-handed control over clean-air legislation .
That proposal had been hailed by environmentalists but despised by utilities because they fearedit would limit their growth .
While the new proposal might appeal to the dirtiest utilities , it might not win the support of utilities , many in the West , that already have added expensive cleanup equipment or burn cleaner-burning fuels .
American City Business Journals Inc. saidits president , Michael K. Russell , will resign rather than relocate to new headquarters in Charlotte , N.C .
Earlier this year Shaw Publishing Inc. , Charlotte , acquired 30 % of American City and has an agreement to acquire a further 25 % from E.W. Scripps Co. next year .
Several moves were taken following the October 1987 crash to coordinate -- and sometimes deliberately disconnect -- the stock and futures markets in times of heightened volatility .
On the Big Board , a  side car '' is put into effect when the S&P futures rise or fall 12 points .
The side car routes program trades into a special computer file that scans for imbalances of buy and sell orders .
Also , the reforms allow the Big Board to halt trading for one hour if the Dow Jones Industrial Average falls 250 points , and for two more hours if the Dow slides an additional 150 points on the same day .
Used by program traders and others to zip orders into the exchange , SuperDot handles about 80 % of all orders entered at the exchange .
Futures Contracts -- Obligations to buy -LRB- for those who have purchased a contract -RRB- or deliver -LRB- for those who sold one -RRB- a quantity of the underlying commodity or financial instrument at the agreed-upon price by a certain date .
Indexing -- Many investors , mainly institutions , follow an investment strategy of buying and holding a mix of stocksto match the performance of a broad stock-market barometer such as the S&P 500 .
Program trading -- A wide range of computer-assisted portfolio trading strategies involving the simultaneous purchase or sale of 15 or more stocks .
The newest breed , also called  rocket scientists '' because of their backgrounds in physics and mathematics , devise the complex hedging and trading strategies that are popularly known as program trading .
Stock-index arbitrage -- Buying or selling baskets of stocks while at the same time executing offsetting trades in stock-index futures or options .
Traders profit by trying to capture fleeting price discrepancies between stocks and the index futures or options .
If stocks are temporarily  cheaper '' than futures , for example , an arbitrager will buy stocks and sell futures .
Stock-index futures -- Contracts to buy or sell the cash value of a stock index by a certain date .
The most common program-trading vehicles are futures contracts on Standard & poor 's 500-stock index -LRB- traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange -RRB- ; the Major Market Index , a 20-stock index that mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average -LRB- traded on the chicago Board of Trade -RRB- ; and the S&P 100 options -LRB- traded on the Chicago Board Options Exchange , and based on 100 stocks selected from the S&P 500 -RRB- .
Stock-index options -- Options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to buy -LRB- a call -RRB- or sell -LRB- a put -RRB- a specified amount of an underlying investment by a certin date at a preset price , known as the strike price .
For stock indexes , the underlying investment may be a stock-index futures contract or the cash value of a stock index .
For example , there are options on the S&P 500 futures contract and on the S&P 100 index .
Takeover stock traders were puzzled by the Reliance filing and cautioned that it does n't meanMr. Steinberg will definitely seek control .
Reliance had already bought and sold UAL stock at a big profit without making an antitrust filing before the collapse Oct. 13 of the $ 6.79 billion , $ 300-a-share labor-management buy-out .
Reliance acquired a 7 % UAL stake early this year at an average cost of $ 110 a share , and reduced its stake to 4.7 % after UAL accepted the bid at prices higher than $ 282 a share .
The filing adds a new twist to market speculation that Coniston Partners , a New York money manager , has bought more than 5 % of UAL stock and may challenge the UAL board 's decision last week to remain independent .
Reliance confirmed the filing but would n't elaborate .
But any potential acquirer must attempt to reach some kind of accord with the company 's employees , primarily its pilots and the powerful machinists ' union , which has opposed a takeover .
Williams , Duluth , Ga. , is an insurance and financial-services holding company .
Its subsidiaries ' services are marketed by closely held A.L. Williams & Associates .
Primerica , as expected , also acquired certain assets of the agency and assumed certain of its liabilities .
Intelogic Trace Inc. , San Antonio , Texas , saidit bought 2.7 million shares , or about 18 % , of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $ 3.625 a share , or $ 9.9 million .
The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman 's stake to 20 % from 16.2 % and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer-services concern .
He added ,  This has nothingto do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private . ''
But Mr. Ackerman saidthe buy-back , and the above-market price paid , prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared .
Dow Jones & Co. saidit extended its $ 18-a-share offer for Telerate Inc. common stock until 5 p.m. EST Nov. 9 .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , and community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases .
The aerospace , automotive supply , electronics and printing-press concern also indicated that the first half of fiscal 1990 could be rough .
In an interview , Donald Beall , chairman , saidfirst-half profit certainly would trail the past year 's , primarily because of weakness in the heavy-truck and passenger-car markets .
Still , he added, if the industrial sector remains relatively stable , Rockwell should be able to recover in the second half and about equal fiscal 1989 's operating profit of $ 630.9 million .
For fiscal 1989 's fourth quarter , Rockwell 's net income totaled $ 126.1 million , or 50 cents a share .
That compares with operating earnings of $ 132.9 million , or 49 cents a share , the year earlier .
The prior-year period includes a one-time favorable tax adjustment on the B-1B bomber program and another gain from sale of the industrial sewing-machine business , which made net $ 185.9 million , or 70 cents a share .
Mr. Beall said that he was generally pleased with the latest numbers and cited a particularly strong showing by the company 's electronics segment .
For the year , electronics emerged as Rockwell 's largest sector in terms of sales and earnings , muscling out aerospace for the first time .
Aerospace earnings sagged 37 % for the quarter and 15 % for the year , largely due to lower B-1B program profit ; the last of the bombers rolled out in April 1988 .
That was partially offset by the resumption of space shuttle flights and increased demand for expendable launch-vehicle engines .
The company also took hits in the fourth quarters of 1989 and 1988 on a fixed-price weapons-modernization development program -- probably the C-130 gunship , according to analysts .
For fiscal 1989 , the company posted net of $ 734.9 million , or $ 2.87 a share , down from $ 811.9 million , or $ 3.04 a share , in fiscal 1988 .
The Austin , Texas-based company , which specializes in the direct sale of personal computers and accessories , saidits price cuts include a $ 100 reduction on its System 210 computer with 512 kilobytes of memory , a 40-megabyte hard disk and a color monitor .
A computer using the more-advanced Intel Corp. 386 microprocessor , with four megabytes of memory and a 100-megabyte hard disk now sells for $ 5,699 , down from $ 6,799 .
Personal computer prices for models using the Intel 286 and 386 microprocessors , which the Dell models use , generally have been coming down as chip prices have fallen .
World sugar futures prices soared on rumors that Brazil , a major grower and exporter , might not ship sugar this crop year and next .
Prices also were boosted by another rumor that Mexico , usually a large producer and exporter , might have to buy a large quantity of sugar .
The March and May contracts rose to fresh life-of-contract highs of 14.54 cents and 14.28 cents at their best levels of the day .
According to reports carried by various news services , the Brazilian government told its sugar producers that they wo n't be allowed to export sugar during the current 1989-90 season , which began May 1 , and the 1990-91 season so that it can be used to produce alcohol for automobile fuel .
One analyst , Arthur Stevenson , of Prudential-Bache Securities , New York , estimated that 65 % or more of Brazil 's newly made automobiles run on alcohol and ca n't use gasoline .
Brazil is the third-largest producer and the fifth-largest exporter of sugar in the world .
A shift to producing more alcohol and less sugar had been expected , but the latest news , if true , indicates a more drastic shiftthan had been anticipated .
 Producers were granted the right earlier this year to ship sugar and the export licenses were expected to have begun to be issued '' yesterday .
As a result , Ms. Ganes said, it is believed that little or no sugar from the 1989-90 crop has been shipped yet , even though the crop year is six months old .
Also , there has been a switch in the past decade to planting of orange trees in areas that were previously used for cane , and this change is being felt now , she said.
 Professional sugar people here who have strong contacts with the Brazilian sugar industry have been unable to confirm the reports or get enough informationto clarify the situation , '' he said .
 It 's the type of nervous atmosphere in which a report can be put out , such as the one sayingexports will be suspended , and no one can confirm it . ''
On the one hand , Brazil started an ethanol program about 15 years ago to fuel a huge portion of its national fleet of cars and is now committed to this program .
 It has to weigh , on the other hand , the relatively high price of sugarit can earn on the export market in making decisions as to whether to produce sugar or alcohol , '' Mr. Oxnard said .
This year it is expected to be a net importer and is said to be seeking to buy about 200,000 tons of sugar to meet internal needs , analysts said.
The firmness in heating oil was attributed to colder weather in parts of the U.S. and to the latest weekly report by the American Petroleum Institute , which showed a decline in inventories of the fuel .
Buying for the most part carried over from the previous session , and traders apparently ignored reports that a Chilean mine strike may have ended almost before it began , an analyst said.
According to news service reports , most workers at the Disputado mines owned by Exxon Corp. agreed to a new two-year wage contract that includes a 5 % increase and other benefits .
However , some workers have n't yet accepted the new contract and are continuing negotiations , the analyst said.
The parent of Younkers , after failing to find a buyer for the chain of Midwestern department stores , saidit will sell a stake in the chain to management and take other steps to reduce its investment in retailing .
But Equitable saidit was unable to find a buyer willing to pay what it considers  fair value '' for Younkers because of recent turmoil in the bond and stock markets and in retailing .
It operates stores mostly in Iowa and Nebraska .
Younkers management is likely to buy a 10 % to 20 % interest in the chain in January , saidFred S. Hubbell , Equitable 's president and chief executive officer .
Tony Lama Co. said that Equus Investment II Limited Partnership has proposed changing the offer for the company to $ 13.65 in cash and stock from an all-cash transaction .
Under terms of the new proposal , Equus , managed by Equus Capital Corp. , Houston , would pay $ 12 cash and one new preferred share with a liquidation preference of $ 1.65 a share for each of Tony Lama 's 2.1 million shares outstanding .
Previously , it offered $ 13.65 a share in cash , or $ 29 million .
The El Paso , Texas , maker of Western boots and leather accessories saidthe preferred stock would accrue dividends at a 12 % rate , but would n't be paid for the first two years .
Neither Equus nor Tony Lama gave a reason for the changed offer and Tony Lama could n't be reached for comment .
Mr. Reupke , 52 years old and a 27-year Reuters veteran , had been the information-services company 's general manager for only six months .
His appointment to that post , which has senior administrative , staff and policy responsibilities , followed a several-year tenure as Reuters 's editor in chief .
No successor was named , and Mr. Reupke 's duties will be split among three other senior Reuters executives , the company said.
 There is no business reason for my departure , '' nor any disagreement over policy , he added.
A Reuters spokesman saidthe departure reflects  no change in strategy or profits . ''
Mark Shepperd , an analyst at UBS Phillips & Drew in London , said ,  I suspect-LRB- the departure -RRB- will be fairly irrelevant for the company .
The senior of the three executives who will assume Mr. Reupke 's duties is Nigel Judah , 58 , finance director and a Reuters board director .
DD Acquisition Corp. , a partnership of Unicorp Canada Corp. 's Kingsbridge Capital Group and Cara Operations Ltd. , extended to Nov. 20 its $ 45-a-share offer for all Dunkin' Donuts Inc. shares outstanding .
The offer , which was due to expire yesterday , is conditional on 50.1 % of Dunkin' common shares , on a fully diluted basis , being tendered and on the withdrawal of the company 's poison pill rights plan .
DD Acquisition has launched a suit in a Delaware court seeking the withdrawal of Dunkin 's poison pill rights and employee stock ownership plans , which it claimswere put in place to deter bidders .
DD Acquisition said2.2 million shares , or about 38.5 % of the shares outstanding , have been tendered under its offer .
Cara , a food services chain operator and Unicorp , a holding company , are based in Toronto .
Savin Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 35.2 million , or 31 cents a share , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 3.8 million , or one cent a share .
A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company saidoperations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset-valuation adjustments that he described as  unusual . ''
Hadson Corp. saidit expects to report a third-quarter net loss of $ 17 million to $ 19 million because of special reserves and continued low natural-gas prices .
The Oklahoma City energy and defense concern saidit will record a $ 7.5 million reserve for its defense group , including a $ 4.7 million charge related to problems under a fixed-price development contract and $ 2.8 million in overhead costs that wo n't be reimbursed .
The company also cited interest costs and amortization of goodwill as factors in the loss .
A year earlier , net income was $ 2.1 million , or six cents a share , on revenue of $ 169.9 million .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , which had jumped 41.60 points on Tuesday , drifted on either side of its previous close and finished with a gain of just 0.82 at 2645.90 .
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index added 0.84 to 341.20 ; the rise was equivalent to a gain of about six points in the industrial average .
The Dow Jones Equity Market Index gained 0.99 to 319.75 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index went up 0.60 to 188.84 .
But with the index proving somewhat better than expected and the widely anticipated report on October employment scheduled to arrive tomorrow , stock prices firmed only modestly in response to the report and then faltered .
 The psychology is still : ` We want -LRB- stocks -RRB- up , but if they do n't carry we 're going to sell them . ' ''
Campbell Soup jumped 3 3\/8 to 47 1\/8 as the resignation of R. Gordon McGovern as president and chief executive officer sparked a revival of rumors that the company could become a takeover target .
Other rumored takeover and restructuring candidatesto attract buyers included Woolworth , which went up 1 3\/4 to 59 1\/2 ; Avon Products , up 1 3\/4 to 29 1\/4 ; Paramount Communications , up 2 to 57 7\/8 , and Ferro , up 2 5\/8 to 28 3\/4 .
Drexel Burnham Lambert analyst Michael Derchin saidhe sees a 70 % chance that the parent of United Airlines , the target of a failed $ 300-a-share offer from a labor-management group , will be acquired or restructured within six months .
Other paper and forest-products stocks closed mixed .
Mead rose 3\/4 to 39 1\/2 , Federal Paper Board added 1\/2 to 24 3\/8 and Scott Paper gained 1\/2 to 48 3\/8 , while International Paper fell 7\/8 to 48 7\/8 , Champion International lost 3\/8 to 31 1\/2 and Louisiana-Pacific dropped 1\/8 to 40 1\/4 .
Most of the volume came from trades designed to capture the stock 's next dividend ; Texaco has a yield of 5.6 % and goes ex-dividend today .
The Food and Drug Administration allowed the company to begin marketing a new lens for use in cataract patients .
Freeport-McMoRan Energy Partners will be liquidated and shares of the new company distributed to the partnership 's unitholders .
Profit surged 42 % to 40.21 billion yen , or 16.09 yen a share , from 28.36 billion yen , or 11.72 yen a share .
Atsushi Muramatsu , executive vice president and chief financial officer of Nissan , said ,  The company has experienced a remarkable turnaround in terms of profitability since the fiscal year ending March 1987 , when the sharp and rapid appreciation of the yen caused many difficulties .
Depending upon how many warrants and options are exercised prior to completion of the transaction , Heritage would issue between 1.8 million and 2.35 million preferred shares , a Heritage spokesman estimated.
New York-based POP Radio provides , through a national , in-store network , a customized music , information and advertising service which simulates live radio .
Heritage owns and operates television and radio stations and in-store advertising and promotion programs .
GenCorp Inc. , hurt by a plant accident and other unexpected costs , saidit expects to report that fiscal fourth-quarter profit from continuing operations will be significantly below last year 's $ 25 million .
Last year 's figures include a one-time loss of $ 12 million for restructuring and unusual items .
But the automotive parts and aerospace concern expects that net for the year ending Nov. 30 will exceed last fiscal year 's net of $ 70 million , or $ 2.19 a share , primarily because of $ 200 million in gains from sales of discontinued operations .
Harry Millis , an analyst at McDonald & Co. in Cleveland , saidGenCorp 's unanticipated losses come largely from an accident at a government-owned assembly plant in Kansas , run by a private subcontractor , that makes cluster bombs for GenCorp 's Aerojet Ordnance business .
The insurance and financial services concern saidprofit for the quarter rose 1.1 % to $ 93.9 million , or $ 1.19 a share , compared with $ 92.9 million , or $ 1.18 a share , the year earlier .
The results reflected a 24 % gain in income from its finance businesses , and a 15 % slide in income from insurance operations .
It also estimated that losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California would be no more than $ 6 million , and would be included in fourth-quarter results .
RMS International Inc. , Hasbrouk Heights , N.J. , facing a cash-flow squeeze , saidit is seeking other financing sources and waivers from debenture holders .
RMS distributes electronic devices and produces power supplies and plastic literature displays .
RMS saidit had a loss of $ 158,666 , or 10 cents a share , in the third quarter , compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 26,956 , or two cents a share .
For the nine months , the company reported a net loss of $ 608,413 , or 39 cents a share , compared with year-earlier net income of $ 967,809 , or 62 cents a share .
Meridian National Corp. saidit sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests , for $ 1 million , or $ 1.35 a share .
The McAlpine family , which operates a number of multinational companies , including a London-based engineering and construction company , also lent to Meridian National $ 500,000 .
The sale of shares to the McAlpine family along with the recent sale of 750,000 shares of Meridian stock to Haden MacLellan Holding PLC of Surrey , England and a recent public offering have increased Meridian 's net worth to $ 8.5 million , saidWilliam Feniger , chief executive officer of Toledo , Ohio-based Meridian .
Ratners Group PLC , a fast-growing , acquisition-minded London-based jeweler , raised its price for Seattle-based specialty jeweler Weisfield 's Inc. to $ 57.50 a share , or $ 62.1 million , from $ 50 a share , or $ 55 million , after another concern saidit would be prepared to outbid Ratners 's initial offer .
The sweetened offer has acceptances from more than 50 % of Weisfield 's shareholders , and it is scheduled for completion by Dec. 10 .
A second ship is now expected to be delivered late next year or early in 1991 .
A planned third ship still may be built in the Finnish shipyard , or may be built elsewhere , Carnival said.
Valley Federal Savings & Loan Association took an $ 89.9 million charge as it reported a third-quarter loss of $ 70.7 million , or $ 12.09 a share .
The Van Nuys , Calif. , thrift had net income of $ 132,000 , or three cents a share , a year ago .
Valley Federal also added $ 18 million to realestate loan reserves and eliminated $ 9.9 million of good will .
The thrift said that  after these charges and assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates , the association expects to achieve near record earnings in 1990 . ''
First of America , which now has 45 banks and $ 12.5 billion in assets , announced an agreement to acquire the Peoria , Ill. , bank holding company in January .
Midwest Financial has $ 2.3 billion in assets and eight banks .
But it said that severance payments to those executives not staying with the company will reduce First of America 's operating results for 1989 by $ 3 million to $ 4 million , or 15 cents to 20 cents a share .
Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollarthey are owed .
The Avon , Conn. , company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged .
But as the craze died , Coleco failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy-law protection in July 1988 .
The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court .
ORTEGA ENDED a truce with the Contras and saidelections were threatened .
The Nicaraguan president , citing attacks by the U.S.-backed rebels , suspended a 19-month-old cease-fire and accused Bush of  promoting death . ''
A White House spokesman condemned the truce suspension as  deplorable '' but brushed off talk of renewing military funding for the insurgents .
The Democrat 's proposal is described by government sources and lobbyists as significantly weaker than the president 's plan to cut utility emissions .
The plan relies heavily on $ 240 million in credit and loan guarantees in fiscal 1990 in hopes of stimulating future trade and investment .
Gunmen in Lebanon assassinated a Saudi Arabian Embassy employee , and the pro-Iranian Islamic Jihad took responsibility for the slayingto avenge the beheading of 16 terrorists by Riyadh 's government in September .
Nixon concluded five days of private talks with Chinese leaders in Beijing , but apparently failed to ease strains in Sino-U.S. ties caused by China 's crackdown against pro-democracy protesters in June .
Mexico 's President Salinas saidthe country 's recession had ended and the economy was growing again .
In his first state of the nation address , Salinas pledged to continue his program of modernization and warned opposition politicians that impeding progress could cost them popular support .
The White House saidthe shipboard meetings next month between Bush and Soviet leader Gorbachev will take place in the waters off Malta .
Pan Am has subpoenaed several government agencies , including the CIA and FBI , to determine whether they were warned that a bomb had been planted aboard a jet that exploded over Scotland last December , killing 270 people .
The airline is attempting to show that Israel and West Germany warned the U.S. about the impending attack .
Died : James A. Attwood , 62 , retired chairman and president of Mutual Life Insurance Co. of New York , Tuesday , in New York City , of an acute anemic condition .
Sony is paying $ 27 a share , or $ 3.55 billion , cash and is assuming $ 1.4 billion of long-term debt .
Still unresolved is Sony 's effort to hire producers Jon Peters and Peter Guber to run the studio .
Xerox Corp. has told employees in its Crum & Forster personal insurance operations that it is laying off about 300 people , or 25 % of the staff .
A spokeswoman for Crum & Forster saidemployees were told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost-cutting move .
By comparison , for the first nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , on revenue of $ 12.97 billion .
Earnings at Xerox 's financial-services operations actually rose slightly , but that was largely because capital gains at Crum & Forster offset Hurricane Hugo payments and the reserves set up to cover future payments .
Property\/casualty insurance has been a tough business in recent quarters , as pricing has been cutthroat and natural disasters such as Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake have resulted in huge payments .
Brisk domestic demand due to increasing capital investment pushed up sales sharply in construction and industrial machinery divisions .
Domestic sales of construction machinery , such as power shovels and bulldozers rose to 142.84 billion yen from 126.15 billion yen .
Demand from Europe and Southeast Asia also grew , but due to increasing production at local plants , overseas sales edged down 2.8 % .
Factory orders and construction outlays were largely flat in September , while purchasing agents saidmanufacturing shrank further in October .
Campbell Soup forced out its president and chief executive , R. Gordon McGovern , the strongest indication yet that the Dorrance family plans to take charge of reshaping the troubled food company .
Also , Big Board Chairman Phelan saidhe would support SEC halts of program trading during market crises but not any revival of a  collar '' on trading .
Georgia Gulf received a new takeover bid from investor Harold Simmons and NL Industries of $ 50 a share , or about $ 1.1 billion .
The minimum-wage bill worked out by Congress and Bush won easy approval in the House .
USX was cited by OSHA for several health and safety violations at two Pennsylvania plants and may face a record fine of $ 7.3 million .
Cray Research indicated that the survival of a spinoff company , which is developing a new supercomputer , depends heavily on its chairman and chief designer , Seymour Cray .
Light trucks and vans will face the same safety requirements as automobiles under new proposals by the Transportation Department .
The Treasury plans to sell $ 30 billion in notes and bonds next week but will delay the auction unless Congress quickly raises the debt ceiling .
Junk-bond markdowns , an ongoing Securities and Exchange Commission investigation , a Drexel Burnham Lambert connection , a fizzled buy-out rumor .
All this has cast a pall over Columbia Savings & Loan Association and its high-rolling 43-year-old chairman , Thomas Spiegel , who built the $ 12.7 billion Beverly Hills , Calif. , thrift with high-yield junk bonds .
And some investors fault Mr. Spiegel 's life style ; he earns millions of dollars a year and flies around in Columbia 's jet planes .
Mr. Spiegel 's fans sayColumbia 's Southern California branches are highly salable , and the thrift has $ 458 million of shareholders equity underlying its assets .
The Spiegel family has 25 % of the common and 75 % of the votes .
Other big common holders are Carl Lindner 's American Financial , investor Irwin Jacobs and Pacific Financial Research , though the latter cut its stake this summer .
Indeed , Columbia executives recently told reportersthey were interested in creating a separate unitto hold Columbia 's junk bonds and perhaps do merchant banking .
That 's why Columbia just wrote off $ 130 million of its junk and reserved $ 227 million for future junk losses .
But if Columbia could keep its junk bonds separate from the thrift till they mature -- at full value , unless the issuer goes bust or restructures -- the junk portfolio might do all right .
These were Allied Stores , Western Union Telegraph , Gillett Holdings , SCI Television and Texas Air , though many other bonds in Columbia 's portfolio also have lost value .
It also hopes for ultimate gains of as much as $ 300 million on equity investments in buy-outs and restructurings .
One trial balloonMr. Spiegel is said to have floated to investors : Columbia might be broken up , as Mellon Bank was split into a good bank and a bad bank .
But Columbia 's good bank would be a regulated thrift , while the bad bank would be a private investment company , holding some of Columbia 's junk bonds , real estate and equity investments .
Some thinkColumbia 's thrift , which now is seeking a new chief operating officer , might be capitalized at , say $ 300 million , and shopped to a commercial bank that wants a California presence .
Meanwhile , the bad bank with the junk bonds -- and some capital -- might be spun off to Columbia shareholders , including Mr. Spiegel , who might then have a new career , investors say.
You sell the good bank as an ongoing operation and use some of the proceeds to capitalize the bad bank , '' says thrift specialist Lewis Ranieri of Ranieri Associates in New York .
Columbia Savings & Loan -LRB- NYSE ; Symbol : CSV -RRB-
Business : Savings and loan
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : Net income : $ 65 million ; or $ 1.49 a share
Genetics Institute Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , saidit was awarded U.S. patents for Interleukin-3 and bone morphogenetic protein .
The patent for Interleukin-3 covers materials and methods used to make the human blood cell growth factor via recombinant DNA technology .
Sandoz Ltd. has licensed certain manufacturing and marketing rights for Interleukin-3 from Genetics Institute and is conducting preclinical studies with it .
Interleukin-3 may help in treating blood cell deficiencies associated with cancer treatment , bone marrow transplants and other blood-cell disorders , Genetics Institute said.
The patent covers BMP-1 type proteins and pharmaceutical compositions and methods for treating bone or cartilage defects , Genetics Institute said.
The company added that it has filed patent applications  on a large number of different BMP proteins '' and the patent on BMP-1 is the firstit has received .
BMP products may be useful in fracture healing and in treating bone loss associated with periodontal disease and certain cancers , the company said.
Groups have accused him of advocating policies that narrowed rights of older workers and of ignoring discrimination by large companies .
Lentjes ' product mix of specialized boilers and pipes provides a good fit with its own Lurgi G.m.b . H. plant engineering unit , the company said.
The move is part of a strategyto focus on its core metals trading , processing and plant engineering activities while shedding peripheral units , the company said.
Lentjes had 1988 sales of 800 million marks -LRB- $ 434.4 million -RRB- and has a current order backlog of 2.5 billion marks .
The U.S. International Trade Commission issued preliminary rulings under the U.S. anti-dumping act that imports of sweaters from Hong Kong , Taiwan and South Korea may be injuring a domestic industry .
The law defines unfairly low prices as ones below the cost of production or below prices in an exporter 's home market .
ITC officials saidfinal Commerce Department and ITC rulings wo n't come until next March or later .
If both agencies find violations of the U.S. trade law , the U.S. would assess penalty duties on the imports , which already are subject to import quotas under bilateral textile and apparel trade agreements .
Imports of manmade-fiber sweaters in 1988 totaled about $ 405 million from Taiwan , $ 400 million from South Korea and $ 125 million from Hong Kong , according to the ITC .
In another action , the ITC dismissed anti-dumping act complaints filed by Du Pont Co. of Wilmington , Del. , against imports of neoprene , a type of synthetic rubber , from France and West Germany .
The program , available to Upjohn employees 55 years old or older , could increase an individual 's retirement benefits 10 % to 20 % .
Chairman Theodore Cooper called the program part of the company 's two-year strategyto implement budget constraints and  an effective headcount-control program . ''
 It 's a cosmetic move , '' said Jonathan S. Gelles of Wertheim Schroder & Co .
An Upjohn spokesman saidhe had  heard nothing ''to suggestthe early retirement package was spurred by shareholder pressure or a potential bidder for the company , which occasionally has been the target of takeover speculation .
Jerry Chapman , managing director of WayMar Associates , was elected a director of this business telecommunications software and systems concern .
Any question as to why an author would believethis plaintive , high-minded note of assurance is necessary is answered by reading this book about sticky fingers and sweaty scammers .
Bribe by bribe , Mr. Sternberg and his co-author , Matthew C. Harrison Jr. , lead us along the pathWedtech traveled , from its inception as a small manufacturing company to the status of full-fledged defense contractor , entrusted with the task of producing vital equipment for the Army and Navy .
The book revolves around John Mariotta , the founder of the company , and Fred Neuberger , who became his partner soon after Wedtech 's creation .
Instead of 50\/50 it became , on paper only , two-thirds Mariotta , one-third Neuberger , and they were in the program and off to the races .
The company plugged itself right into Carter campaign rhetoric about rebuilding the South Bronx and kept using the minority -- South Bronx angle through the Reagan '80s .
Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi -LRB- now serving a jail sentence -RRB- , the company began a career of bribing federal , state and local public officials and those close to public officials , right up to and including E. Robert Wallach , close friend and adviser to former Attorney General Ed Meese .
It made ample use of the modern techniques of influence peddling , retaining politically connected  respectable '' law firms , investment bankers and political consultants , including Reagan confidant Lyn Nofzinger .
When necessary , it sought and received assistance from organized crime .
If you were especially helpful in a corrupt scheme you received not just cash in a bag , but equity .
But despite the sensational nature of the revelations and the breezy , easy-to-read tabloid writing style ,  Feeding Frenzy '' often falls short of gripping reading .
Among the lot of them , not one is wrestling with good and evil , or especially intelligent or even temporarily insane .
The one character at least somewhat interesting was Irving Louis Lobsenz , a pediatrician who changed his name to Rusty Kent London and became a master gambler and author of a book on blackjack .
Programs like Section 8 -LRB- A -RRB- are a little like leaving gold in the street and then expressing surprise when thieves walk by to scoop it up .
In and around all levels of government in the U.S. are groups of people who can best be described as belonging to a political insider commercial party .
They know that whenever government is redistributing wealth , regulating commerce or maintaining a large defense establishment , there is big moneyto be made in influencing , brokering or selling the processes and decisions of government .
They are our version of the East bloc 's Nomenklatura and they have absolutely no wish to see anything change .
How many government programs and policies exist because they line the pockets of political insiders ?
Mr. Stern was chairman and chief executive officer of the New York State Urban Development Corp. , 1983-85 .
The Finnish government and major creditors of bankrupt shipyard Waertsilae Marine Industries Oy agreed in principle to form a new company to complete most of the troubled shipyard 's backlog of 15 ships .
Once its ownership is finalized , the new company will open talks with state-appointed receiversto buy or lease Waertsilae Marine 's shipyard facilities .
Subcontractors will be offered a settlement and a swift transition to new management is expected to avert an exodus of skilled workers from Waertsilae Marine 's two big shipyards , government officials said.
Under an accord signed yesterday , the government and Union Bank of Finland would become major shareholders in the new company , each injecting 100 million Finnish markkaa -LRB- $ 23.5 million -RRB- .
Oy Waertsilae is to contribute 200 million markkaa , most of it as subordinated debt , and take a minority stake in the new company .
Its plans to be acquired dashed , Comprehensive Care Corp. saidit plans to sell most of its psychiatric and drug abuse facilities in California and some other assets to pay its debt and provide working capital .
In addition , the company has replaced its president and chief executive , naming W. James Nichol , head of the company 's contract health services , to succeed B. Lee Karns .
Comprehensive Care had agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. of Norfolk , Va. , but the sale sputtered almost from the beginning and finally collapsed last week .
Ralston Purina Co. reported a 47 % decline in fourth-quarter earnings , reflecting restructuring costs as well as a more difficult pet food market .
The St. Louis company earned $ 45.2 million , or 65 cents a share , compared with $ 84.9 million , or $ 1.24 a share , a year earlier .
For the year ended Sept. 30 , Ralston earned $ 422.5 million , or $ 6.44 a share , up 8.9 % from $ 387.8 million , or $ 5.63 a share .
Ralston saidits restructuring costs include the phase-out of a battery facility in Greenville , N.C. , the recent closing of a Hostess cake bakery in Cincinnati and a reduction in staff throughout the company .
The battery plant , which makes rechargeable nickel cadmium and carbon zinc products , will be closed over the next year or so , a spokesman said.
Ralston attributed its fourth-quarter slump partly to higher costs of ingredients in the pet food business as well as competitive pressures , which required higher advertising spending .
Its cereal division realized higher operating profit on volume increases , but also spent more on promotion .
The Continental Baking business benefited from higher margins on bread and on increased cake sales , it added.
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
The Soviet purchases are so massive that exporters are struggling to find enough river barges and trainsto move the recently harvested Midwest crop to ports for loading onto Soviet ships .
Railroad companies and some ports are reaping a sudden windfall of business .
At St. Louis , the water level of the Mississippi River is already 6.5 feet below normal and it could drop an additional 2.5 feet when the flow of the Missouri River is slowed , an Army Corps spokesman said.
Many grain processors and exporters use the price of the corn futures contracts traded there to calculate the pricethey offer to buy corn from farmers .
Because the drought reduced U.S. stockpiles , they have more than enough storage space for their new crop , and that permits them to wait for prices to rise .
Many farmers probably would n't sell until prices rose at least 20 cents a bushel , saidLyle Reed , president of Chicago Central & Pacific Railroad Co. of Waterloo , Iowa .
Ports in the Great Lakes and Atlantic Coast can also relieve pressure on New Orleans .
But its purchases apparently were delayed by a reorganization of its agricultural bureaucracy as well as budget problems .
ENERGY : Crude oil futures prices increased in moderate trading , but much of the action was in heating oil .
PRECIOUS METALS : Futures prices eased as increased stability and strength came into the securities markets .
 The recent rally in precious metals was a result of uncertainty and volatility in equities , '' he said .
Silver and platinum , which have more of an industrial nature than gold , were even weaker , he said.
In Chile , workers at two copper mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputada , yesterday voted to begin a full strike tomorrow , an analyst said.
Also contributing to the firmness in copper , the analyst noted, was a report by Chicago purchasing agents , which precedes the full purchasing agents ' report that is due out today and gives an indication of what the full report might hold .
NCR Corp. unveiled two models of its Tower line of midrange computers and introduced advanced networking softwareto allow the Tower family to operate as a central hub in a network of computers .
USX Corp. posted a 23 % drop in third-quarter profit , as improved oil results failed to offset weakness in steel and natural gas operations .
The nation 's largest steelmaker earned $ 175 million , or 62 cents a share , compared with the year-earlier $ 228 million , or 80 cents a share .
The earnings drop appears particularly steep in comparison with last year 's unusually strong third quarter , when the company was riding an industrywide boom in demand and pricing .
However , third-quarter operating profit fell 14 % , as USX sold sizable chunks of its diversified and steel segments , eliminating income from those operations .
Among segments that continue to operate , though , the company 's steel division continued to suffer from soft demand for its tubular goods serving the oil industry and other markets .
Moreover , USX exports more than other steelmakers , and the overseas market has been under more severe pricing pressure .
The company attributed lower sales and earnings for the steel segment to the loss of results from the Lorain , Ohio , plant , which now is a 50-50 joint venture with Japan 's Kobe Steel Ltd .
Profit per ton of steel shipped dropped to about $ 33 a ton from $ 42 a ton last year and $ 53 a ton in the second quarter , analysts said.
Still , USX fared better than other major steelmakers , earning more per ton of steel shipped than either Bethlehem Steel Corp. , which posted a 54 % drop in net income , or Inland Steel Industries Inc. , whose profit plummeted 70 % .
He saidUSX also appeared to sell a richer mix of steel products , such as the more profitable pipe and galvanized coated sheet , than lower-priced structural goods .
The Texas Oil & Gas division continues to operate in the red , although losses narrowed to $ 9 million from $ 15 million .
USX announced in October that it was soliciting bids to sell TXO 's oil and gas reserves .
Proceeds of that sale are to be used to reduce debt and buy back shares .
The company noted that it has reduced debt by $ 1.6 billion since the end of 1988 and bought back about 15.5 million shares of common stock since the fourth quarter of 1987 .
USX has about $ 5.5 billion in long-term debt and 257 million shares outstanding .
The announced sale of the reserves was followed by news that investor Carl Icahn had increased his stake in USX to 13.1 % and threatened a takeover or other business combination .
Mr. Icahn has saidhe believesUSX would be worth more if broken up into steel and energy segments .
Profit for the nine months jumped 21 % to $ 721 million , or $ 2.62 a share , from $ 598 million , or $ 2.07 a share .
John F. Barrett , 40 , formerly executive vice president and chief financial officer , was named president and chief operating officer , posts which had been vacant .
Leon J. Level , vice president and chief financial officer of this computer services concern , and F. Warren McFarlan , a professor at Harvard University 's Graduate School of Business , were elected directors , increasing board membership to nine .
David A. DiLoreto , president of metal container division , was named to the additional post of group vice president , packaging products , at this packaging , industrial and aerospace products concern , succeeding Delmont A. Davis , who was named president and chief operating officer in August .
Professors Philip Kurland of the University of Chicago and Laurence Tribe of Harvard Law School saidany effort by President Bushto claim authority for a line-item veto would contradict the text of the Constitution and the intent of its authors , as well as the views of previous presidents .
The two professors represent different ends of the political spectrum -- Mr. Kurland is a conservative and Mr. Tribe is a liberal .
Moreover , they saidthe first appropriations bill passed 200 years ago covered many different items , and there was no discussion of a line-item veto .
Sen. Kennedy said in a separate statement that he supports legislationto give the president line-item veto power , but that it would be a  reckless course of action '' for President Bush to claim the authority without congressional approval .
